Acting is the least mysterious of all crafts. Whenever we want something from somebody or when we want to hide something or pretend, we're acting. Most people do it all day long.
Acting is marvelous profession If you can spend enough time playing other people, you don't have to think too much about your own character and motivations.
Acting is sport. On stage you must be ready to move like tennis player on his toes. Your concentration must be keen, your reflexes sharp your body and mind are in top gear, the chase is on. Acting is energy. In the theatre people pay to see energy.
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide he exposes himself.
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.
Acting is all about honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Acting is the expression of neurotic impulse. It's bum's life. Quitting acting, that's the sign of maturity.
Acting is nice childish profession pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.
Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.
Film acting is one of the only industries where you're criticized for working hard. In any other industry, it's considered quality and something to behold.
Acting is question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
Great acting is not easy anyone who says it is is either shallow or charlatan. And one of the hardest things about acting is admitting that it is hard.
Acting is half shame, half glory. Shame at exhibiting yourself, glory when you can forget yourself.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to fully express emotion.
Acting is spiritual quest to touch human beings.
Acting provides the fulfillment of never being fulfilled. You're never as good as you'd like to be. So there's always something to hope for.
Acting is nothing more or less than playing. The idea is to humanize life.
Acting doesn't bring anything to text. On the contrary, it detracts from it.
Acting is not about dressing up. Acting is about stripping bare. The whole essence of learning lines is to forget them so you can make them sound like you thought of them that instant.
must say that acting was good training for the political life that lay ahead of us.
Acting is not about being someone different. It's finding the similarity in what is apparently different, then finding myself in there.
As always, with acting, you can't be too self conscious. You shouldn't care about what people are thinking about you at the time because they're not caring about you, they're caring about the character.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
People acting in their own self interest is the fuel for all the discovery, innovation, and prosperity that powers the world.
Acting is like Halloween mask that you put on.
Acting is happy agony.
Acting is matter of giving away secrets.
really think that effective acting has to do literally with the movement of molecules.
Acting is standing up naked and turning around very slowly.
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
Addictions started out like magical pets, pocket monsters. They did extraordinary tricks, showed you things you hadn't seen, were fun. But came, through some gradual dire alchemy, to make decisions for you. Eventually, they were making your most crucial life decisions. And they were less intelligent than goldfish.
What fascinates me about addiction and obsessive behavior is that people would choose an altered state of consciousness that's toxic and ostensibly destroys most aspects of your normal life, because for brief moment you feel okay.
Quitting smoking is easy, I've done it hundreds of times.
Addiction begins with the hope that something out there can instantly fill up the emptiness inside.
Addiction is just way of trying to get at something else. Something bigger. Call it transcendence if you want, but it's like rat in maze. We all want the same thing. We all have this hole. The thing you want offers relief, but it's trap.
At first, addiction is maintained by pleasure, but the intensity of this pleasure gradually diminishes and the addiction is then maintained by the avoidance of pain.
At every stage, addiction is driven by one of the most powerful, mysterious, and vital forces of human existence. What drives addiction is longing longing not just of brain, belly, or loins but finally of the heart.
The mentality and behavior of drug addicts and alcoholics is wholly irrational until you understand that they are completely powerless over their addiction and unless they have structured help, they have no hope.
have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from sense of insupportable loneliness and dread of some strange impending doom.
You know you're an alcoholic when you misplace things for like decade.
admire addicts. In world where everybody is waiting for some blind, random disaster, or some sudden disease, the addict has the comfort of knowing what will most likely wait for him down the road. He's taken some control over his ultimate fate, and his addiction keeps the cause of death from being total surprise.
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
The initial journey towards sobriety is delicate balance between insight into one's desire for escape and abstinence from one's addiction.
In the 1960s, people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird, and people take Prozac to make it normal.
What is addiction, really It is sign, signal, symptom of distress. It is language that tells us about plight that must be understood.
Addiction doesn't kill the addict. It kills the family, kids and people who tried to help.
If you know someone who tries to drown their sorrows, you might tell them sorrows know how to swim.
First you take drink, then the drink takes drink, then the drink takes you.
The first thing in the human personality that dissolves in alcohol is dignity.
All the suffering, stress and addiction comes from not realizing you already are what you are looking for.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs step at time.
The dead drug leaves ghost behind. At certain hours it haunts the house.
Addiction When you can give up something any time, as long as it's next Tuesday.
The unfortunate thing about this world is that good habits are so much easier to give up than bad ones.
Reality is just crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
Recovery from addiction requires hard work, proper attitude and learning skills to stay sober, not drinking alcohol or using other drugs. Successful drug recovery or alcohol recovery involves changing attitudes, acquiring knowledge, and developing skills to meet the many challenges of sobriety.
Addiction is symptom of not growing up.
You can come out of the furnace of trouble two ways if you let it consume you, you come out cinder but there is kind of metal which refuses to be consumed, and comes out star.
You can get the monkey off your back, but the circus never leaves town.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Little souls find their way to you, whether they're from your womb or someone else's.
It's important to realize that we adopt not because we are rescuers. No. We adopt because we are rescued.
Families don't have to match. You don't have to look like someone else to love them.
Not flesh of my flesh, nor bone of my bone, but still miraculously my own. Never forget for single minute, you didn't grow under my heart but in it.
Adoption carries the added dimension of connection not only to your own tribe but beyond, widening the scope of what constitutes love, ties, and family. It is the larger embrace.
Being mother is an attitude, not biological relation.
Adoption is when child grew in its mommy's heart instead of her tummy.
However motherhood comes to you, it's miracle.
Being parent wasn't just about bearing child. It was about bearing witness to its life.
Adopting any child is walk into the unknown. It takes Faith.
We should not be asking who this child belongs to, but who belongs to this child.
They may not have my eyes, they may not have my smile, but they have all my heart.
child born to another woman calls me mom. The depth of the tragedy and the magnitude of the privilege are not lost on me.
Family is not defined by our genes, it is built and maintained through love.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Adoption is not the call to have the perfect, rosy family. It is the call to give love, mercy, and patience.
Adoptive Mom am Mom. need no other label or prefix.
There are times when the adoption process is exhausting and painful and makes you want to scream. But, am told, so does childbirth.
If you have heart for adoption don't let fear stand in the way.
Adopting one child won't change the world but for that child, the world will change.
My birth mother brought me into this world, but it was my adoptive parents who gave me life.
By choice, we have become family, first in our hearts, and finally in breath and being. Great expectations are good great experiences are better.
We look at adoption as very sacred exchange. It was not done lightly on either side. would dedicate my life to this child.
Adoption is not about finding children for families, it's about finding families for children.
Somehow destiny comes into play. These children end up with you and you end up with them. It's something quite magical.
Children and mothers never truly part, bound together by the beating of one another's heart.
There are so many kids in this world, and in this country, that need homes. And so we're perfectly content to look into adoption one day, if for some reason we aren't able to have biological child.
Adoption has been part of my life and part of my family, so it was how wanted to start. It felt natural and right to me.
think adoption is blessing all around when it's done right.
Every child deserves home and love. Period.
There are young people having babies every day that cannot possibly take care of them, and, as people who believe that every life is beautiful, we need to make them aware of another choice to give that beautiful life up for adoption.
Adoption comes from the heart, but the adoption process comes from the Law. You should follow your heart, but be sure you also follow the law.
Language. has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
What lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
love to be alone. never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
think it's good for person to spend time alone. It gives them an opportunity to discover who they are and to figure out why they are always alone.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
People who cannot bear to be alone are generally the worst company.
Solitude is chosen separation for refining your soul. Isolation is what you crave when you neglect the first.
Being solitary is being alone well being alone luxuriously immersed in doings of your own choice, aware of the fullness of your own presence rather than of the absence of others. Because solitude is an achievement.
Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.
man can be himself alone so long as he is alone if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
The trouble is not really in being alone, it's being lonely. One can be lonely in the midst of crowd, don't you think.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.
And if you couldn't be loved, the next best thing was to be let alone.
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much.
When we truly realize that we are all alone is when we need others the most.
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.
Being isolated at times doesn't always mean that you want to distance yourself from others it simply means that you need some space to see things clearly.
don't want to be alone, want to be left alone.
Sometimes you just have to stand alone to make sure you still can.
People think being alone makes you lonely, but don't think that's true. Being surrounded by the wrong people is the loneliest thing in the world.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
It is far better to be alone than to wish you were.
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
have huge, active imagination, and think I'm really scared of being alone because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into madwoman.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape hundred days of sorrow.
hand ready to hit, may cause you great trouble.
man in passion, rides mad horse.
Anger ventilated often hurries toward forgiveness and concealed often hardens into revenge.
quarrelsome man has no good neighbours.
If small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size.
He who angers you conquers you.
Fire in the heart sends smoke into the head.
Anger is often more hurtful than the injury that caused it.
quick temper will make fool of you soon enough.
Anger is wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Anger is one letter short of danger.
Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you are.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
You can't shake hands with clenched fist.
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.
Holding on to anger is like grasping hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Beware the fury of patient man.
Do not teach your children never to be angry teach them how to be angry.
Never respond to an angry person with fiery comeback, even if he deserves it. Don't allow his anger to become your anger.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
The sharpest sword is word spoken in wrath.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
At the core of all anger is need that is not being fulfilled.
man can't eat anger for breakfast and sleep with it at night and not suffer damage to his soul.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Not the fastest horse can catch word spoken in anger.
Anger is valid emotion. It's only bad when it takes control and makes you do things you don't want to do.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
There are two things person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
Learn this from me. Holding anger is poison. It eats you from inside. We think that hating is weapon that attacks the person who harmed us. But hatred is curved blade. And the harm we do, we do to ourselves.
Anger is what makes clear mind seem clouded.
Anger is never without reason, but seldom with good one.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems not people to focus your energies on answers not excuses.
It is waste of energy to be angry with man who behaves badly just as it is to be angry with car that won't go.
Hard words break no bones.
If you kick stone in anger you will hurt your foot.
Postpone today's anger until tomorrow.
The anger of the prudent never shows.
Anger is short madness.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Sometimes when I'm angry have the right to be angry, but that doesn't give me the right to be cruel.
Anger it's paralyzing emotion you can't get anything done.
Get mad, then get over it.
Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.
wonder why it is, that young men are always cautioned against bad girls. Anyone can handle bad girl. It's the good girls men should be warned against.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
don't look at her like she's bad girl. She just misunderstood sometime, she's little troubled, she's little dysfunctional. She's survivor.
The whole bad girl thing allows me to mess up sometimes. And have freedom to say more of what want to.
There are no good girls gone wrong just bad girls found out.
It's the good girls who keep diaries the bad girls never have the time.
Bad girls ain't no good but good girls ain't no fun.
I'm half good and I'm half bad. My mama is very good girl and my daddy is very bad boy. And guess that leaves me somewhere sort of. here.
There is nothing uglier than very beautiful face with an ugly heart.
You're bad girl, trying to force me over the edge But you don't have to. I'm already there. I'm already lost in you.
think that everybody would love to play the bad girl. Cause for most of us. It's stretch.
bad attitude can literally block love, blessings and destiny from finding you.
Treat me like queen and I'll treat you like my king. Treat me like game. And I'll show you how it's played.
Good girl doesn't exist you just have to choose between bad and worse.
bad attitude is the worst thing that can happen to group of people. It's infectious.
When one maintains her proper attitude in life, he does not long after externals.
was like the good girl, bad girl, there were no grey areas for me.
Good girls are just bad girls that never got caught.
want girl with extensions in her hair, Bamboo earrings, at least two pair, Fendi bag and bad attitude, That's all need to get me in good mood.
You don't have to listen to those mean girls. They're just there to make you upset and feel bad about yourself. And you know, inside, they feel bad about themselves too. But they don't wanna admit it to anybody.
don't have an attitude problem. You have problem with my attitude, and that's not my problem.
You say that have bad attitude. Guess what My attitude is result of your actions. Change your actions and will change my attitude.
bad attitude is worse than bad swing.
Beauty is not in the face beauty is light in the heart.
The longer live the more beautiful life becomes. If you foolishly ignore beauty, then you will soon find yourself without it. Your life will be impoverished. But if you invest in beauty, it will remain with you all the days of your life.
Do not dissect rainbow. In other words, do not destroy beautiful phenomenon by overanalyzing it.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched they must be felt with the heart.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.
Beauty is power smile is its sword.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
There is no exquisite beauty without some strangeness in the proportion.
thing of beauty is joy forever Its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than woman being unapologetically herself comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
There's nothing more inspiring than the complexity and beauty of the human heart.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
There is nothing that makes its way more directly to the soul than beauty.
People are like stained glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Butterflies come to pretty flowers.
Don't gild the lily.
Everything is lovely when the geese honk high.
Poetry moves heaven and earth.
beautiful thing is never perfect.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Real beauty is to be true to oneself.
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.
Music has charms to soothe savage beast.
The beautiful is always bizarre.
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
Beauty is the shadow of God on the universe.
Judge nothing by the appearance. The more beautiful the serpent, the more fatal its sting.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
There is road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.
Glamour is shooting star, it catches your eye, but fades away, beauty is the sun always brilliant day after day.
There is nothing more beautiful than someone who goes out of their way to make life beautiful for others.
People are more than just the way they look.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is ending up with people who make you feel all alone.
love to be alone. never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone.
think it's good for person to spend time alone. It gives them an opportunity to discover who they are and to figure out why they are always alone.
There are days when solitude is heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is bitter tonic, and still others when it is poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
If you want to be happy, learn to be alone without being lonely. Learn that being alone does not mean being unhappy. The world is full of plenty of interesting and enjoyable things to do and people who can enrich your life.
Until you get comfortable with being alone, you'll never know if you're choosing someone out of love or loneliness.
My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.
It is only when we silent the blaring sounds of our daily existence that we can finally hear the whispers of truth that life reveals to us, as it stands knocking on the doorsteps of our hearts.
In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude. One must overcome the fear of being alone.
You ve got to be fond of yourself enough to support yourself emotionally regardless of the intimate company of someone else.
Nobody is ever going to be able to fill your you shaped hole for you. The gaping hole we all have inside that deeply craves validation, love and comfort.
Let me tell you this If you meet loner, no matter what they tell you, it not because they enjoy solitude. It because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
What has really happened when you feel alone is that you ve abandoned yourself. You have stopped taking care of your own basic needs you don value yourself, you don listen to your own thoughts, and you don take care of your physical, emotional, or spiritual self. This is what is causing you to feel alone. You have abandoned you.
wish could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being.
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
As get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.
Don't go away. don't want to be alone. can't stand being alone.
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.
don't want to be alone, want to be left alone.
had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self but my books were always my friends, let fail all else.
When we truly realize that we are all alone is when we need others the most.
Don't feel alone, because there is always someone out there who loves you more than you can imagine.
Without great solitude no serious work is possible.
If you are afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right.
Sometimes its better to be alone, no one can hurt you that way.
What lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in room alone.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
On some level walk through the world like the adult human version of the baby bird in Are You My Mother Subconsciously waiting for someone to see that am very take care of able, can live with you now know you are my age, but have you ever thought of adopting an adult.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.
Each morning when open my eyes say to myself not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. don't use special creams or treatments I'll use little bit of everything. It's mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. believe that lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
If you want to be happy, set goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.
Happiness is not defined by any circumstance, condition, or person. You need not tie your happiness to anything. The choice to be happy is always yours to make. Make that choice and cultivate happy spirit.
We all live with the objective of being happy our lives are all different and yet the same.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
Happiness is like butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
One of the biggest challenges in trying to be happy right now isn't that we don't know how to be happy. It's mostly that we just don't do it. We don't make the time for happiness, for peace, and for overall joy in our life.
Being happy is something that each of us determines, it is not something that we find outside of ourself, it is within us and our choice.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future.
Happiness is the art of learning how to get joy from your substance.
Happiness is the aim of life. Virtue is the foundation of happiness. Utility is the test of virtue. If the wise be the happy man, as the sages say, he must be virtuous too for without virtue, happiness cannot be.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Better to be happy than wise.
Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow, to thy worst, for have liv today.
Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit.
Happiness lies in the consciousness we have of it, and by no means in the way the future keeps its promises.
Mankind are always happier for having been happy so that if you make them happy now, you make them happy twenty years hence by the memory of it.
True happiness ne er entered at an eye true happiness resides in things unseen.
happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it all that matters.
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
happy life is made up of little things gift sent, letter written, call made, recommendation given, transportation provided, cake made, book lent, check sent.
Anyone can be happy when times are good the richer experience is to be happy when times are not.
One of the secrets of happy life is continuous small treats.
Happy is he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
multitude of small delights constitute happiness.
Happiness, not in another place but this place, not for another hour but this hour.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing know.
Happiness An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
Happiness is way of travel, not destination.
The secret of happiness is freedom, and the secret of freedom, courage.
have no money, no resources, no hopes. am the happiest man alive.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
To fill the hour that is happiness.
In order to be utterly happy, the only thing necessary is to refrain from comparing this moment with other moments in the past.
The happiest person is the person who thinks the most interesting thoughts.
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you so are in harmony.
Happiness is state of which you are unconscious, of which you are not aware. The moment you are aware that you are happy, you cease to be happy You want to be consciously happy the moment you are consciously happy, happiness is gone.
There will always be lost dog somewhere that will prevent me from being happy.
The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.
One of the simplest ways to stay happy is by letting go of the things that make you sad.
You can never be really happy if you keep holding to those bad memories which makes you sad.
Happy is entirely up to you and always has been.
If you want to be happy, be.
The habit of being happy enables one to be freed, or largely freed, from the domination of outward conditions.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have pretty good time.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy.
Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
Happiness comes from within, not from without.
Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them.
Being happy doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
If being happy is important to you, try this instead of regretting all you lack, celebrate all you've got.
Happiness adds and multiplies, as we divide it with others.
Trying to be happy without giving to others is like trying to kiss alone.
Very little is needed to make happy life it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Nothing can bring you happiness but yourself.
Talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Truth is everybody is going to hurt you you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Just because one person's problem is less traumatic than another's doesn't mean they're required to hurt less.
Those who really love you don't mean to hurt you and if they do, you can't see it in their eyes but it hurts them too.
It is when we hurt that we learn.
The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn't work out the first time.
Just because somebody is strong enough to handle pain doesn't mean they deserve it.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world. But you do have some say in who hurts you.
Do you know the feeling, when your heart is so hurt, that you could feel the blood dripping.
Being hurt by someone you truly care about leaves hole in you heart that only love can fill.
Being brokenhearted is like having broken ribs. On the outside it looks like nothing's wrong, but every breath hurts.
He who lives long knows what pain is.
True pain cannot be concealed.
man can sleep on every hurt but his own.
The least and weakest man can do some hurt.
Tis easier to hurt than heal.
When you are dressing wound, pain is pain medicine.
From hurt comes pain, from pain comes change. If it hurts enough, change will happen.
Pain is only bearable if we know it will end, not if we deny it exists.
When an emotional injury takes place, the body begins process as natural as the healing of physical wound. Let the process happen. Trust that nature will do the healing. Know that the pain will pass, and, when it passes, you will be stronger, happier, and more sensitive and aware.
To have body is to suffer.
Better to have pain than paralysis.
Love means exposing yourself to the pains of being hurt, deeply hurt by someone you trust.
person in pain is being spoken to by that part of himself that knows only how to communicate this way.
Pain is what we re in most of the time. And think the bigger the pain the more gods we need.
All we need to do is learn not to be afraid of pain. Grit your teeth and let it hurt. Don deny it, don be overwhelmed by it. It will not last forever. One day, the pain will be gone and you will still be there.
There were things wanted to tell him. But knew they would hurt him. So buried them, and let them hurt me.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
It hurts to have someone in your heart that you can't have in your arms.
still own my heart, which know because it hurts so much.
If someone really wants to hurt you, they'll find way whatever. don't want to live my life worrying about it.
It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time.
That old saying, how you always hurt the one you love, well, it works both ways.
Sometimes, being hurt too many times, doesn't make you stronger, it destroy who you were, who you wanted to be and makes who you are today.
It's lot easier to be angry at someone than it is to tell them you're hurt.
torn jacket is soon mended, but hard words bruise the heart of child.
When someone stabs you it's not your fault that you feel pain.
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you.
Two barrels of tears will not heal bruise.
can feel the hurt. There's something good about it. Mostly it makes me stop remembering.
He who is or has been deeply hurt has RIGHT to be sure he is LOVED.
If you're in trouble, or hurt or need go to the poor people. They're the only ones that'll help the only ones.
What hurts us is what heals us.
As one grows weaker one is less susceptible to suffering. There is less hurt because there is less to hurt.
If we aren't capable of being hurt we aren't capable of feeling joy.
When girl gives up, it's not because she doesn't love you. But she's tired of getting hurt and feels like you'll never care.
Pain is always emotional. Fear and depression keep constant company with chronic hurting.
We are more often frightened than hurt and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love.
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed.
Being hurt is something you can't stop from happening, but being miserable is always your choice.
Dont chase after the people that hurt you, replace them with people that care.
Sometimes even stuff you expect to happen can still hurt.
Some people use their own hurt as an excuse for hurting others.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
Sometimes pain and hurt are good things because it means you strived for something in your life.
Pain can be endured and defeated only if it is embraced. Denied or feared, it grows.
Wounds make better lessons than lectures.
If you are still being hurt by an event that happened to you at twelve, it is the thought that is hurting you now.
have never been hurt by anything didn't say.
No matter how beautiful lie is, in the end it hurts even more than the truth would have done.
It hurts too much so don't want to talk about it.
Being hurt personally triggered curiosity about how such beliefs are formed.
You were born an original. Don die copy.
To be natural is such very difficult pose to keep up.
Always be first rate version of yourself, instead of second rate version of somebody else.
Follow your inner moonlight don't hide the madness.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for successful personality and duplicate it.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
Learn to. be what you are, and learn to resign with good grace all that you are not.
The strongest force in the universe is human being living consistently with his identity.
Be yourself not your idea of what you think somebody else's idea of yourself should be.
To be one's self, and unafraid whether right or wrong, is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Our true self is being who we are.
Anyone can possess, anyone can profess, but it is an altogether different thing to confess.
Never apologize for what you feel. It's like saying sorry for being real.
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head It's as simple as that.
Be who you are and say what you want, for those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Best be yourself, imperial, plain and true.
Ride the energy of your own unique spirit.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Being yourself is all it takes. If you want to impress someone don't be someone else just be yourself.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made victim. Accept no one's definition of your life define yourself.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.
Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love.
I've always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
Be yourself, don't take anything from anyone, and never let them take you alive.
Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live.
Some people say you are going the wrong way, when it's simply way of your own.
Do your thing and don't care if they like it.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
The weak fall, but the strong will remain and never go under.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
The most beautiful people I've known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths.
It's interesting how we often can't see the ways in which we are being strong like, you can't be aware of what you're doing that's tough and brave at the time that you're doing it because if you knew that it was brave, then you'd be scared.
Promise me you'll always remember You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
You cannot dream yourself into character you must hammer and forge yourself one.
love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
heart is strong muscle and what do muscles do when they are torn They grow back STRONGER.
woman is like tea bag only in hot water do you realize how strong she is.
If God sends us on strong paths, we are provided strong shoes.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Never give in. never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force. never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Through persistence, self knowledge, prayer, commitment, optimism, resolute trust in God and the building of your own personal moral strength, you can enjoy the blessings of deeper faith and face the difficulties of life with courage and confidence.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go trough hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
The worst part about being strong is that no one ever asks if you're ok.
It is worth remembering that the time of greatest gain in terms of wisdom and inner strength is often that of greatest difficulty.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
strong women is someone who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
Sometimes, being strong is to forgive in the name of love, to make someone smile when our own heart is broken, to comfort friend when we ourselves needed help and to keep faith when we have lost hope.
Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. And vodka makes you not remember any of that crap.
If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences.
am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. Its because of them I'm doing it myself.
Not everyday is good day. You may feel like hell and some you may feel like nothing could be worse. Keep your head up, because someday you will have your day. It could be tomorrow or the next day but that day will come, and it will be the best day of your life, just you wait.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Things happen to you to make you realize your true potential, strength, will power, and heart. You've got to have faith.
Strong women wear their pain like stilettos. No matter how much it hurts, all you see is the beauty of it.
It is during our darkest moments that ew must focus to see the light.
Just as broken arm needs cast, we too need support mechanisms in order to make it through difficult times.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
You can't really be strong until you see funny side to things.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
You can always take the easy way out and give up, but real strength comes when you decide to keep pushing forward no matter what the circumstances are.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
Being strong can be also feminine. don't think feminine equals being weak. Being strong is very sexy.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Smiling does not necessarily mean you're happy. Sometimes it just means you're strong.
Get connected to your reality, your real life, instead of your emotionally soaked narrative about your life.
Life can be so difficult at times, but fighting through the pain is so worth it. It better to feel every kind of emotion than to not feel at all.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear. After that, fear has no power.
The opposite of bravery is not cowardice but conformity.
Fear can keep man out of danger but courage only can support him in it.
Bravery is not quality of the body. It is of the soul.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
Cowards die many times before their deaths, the valiant never taste of death but once.
Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
There is no such thing as bravery only degrees of fear.
brave man acknowledges the strength of others.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
It takes great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
In battle it is the cowards who run the most risk bravery is rampart of defense.
true knight is fuller of bravery in the midst, than in the beginning of danger.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them, glory and danger alike, and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it.
True bravery is shown by performing without witness what one might be capable of doing before all the world.
timid person is frightened before danger, coward during the time, and courageous person afterward.
Boldness is ever blind, for it sees not dangers and inconveniences whence it is bad in council though good in execution.
The brave man is not he who feels no fear, For that were stupid and irrational But he, whose noble soul its fears subdues, And bravely dares the danger nature shrinks from.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
Moral excellence comes about as result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
One of the greatest discoveries man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
No matter how long you train someone to be brave, you never know if they are or not until something real happens.
am proud of how brave have been. am proud of how brave am being. am doing my best and know that is enough.
It was times like these when thought my father, who hated guns and had never been to any wars, was the bravest man who ever lived.
Bravery has no place where it can avail nothing.
Brave men go forward not expecting to return.
Life is not meant to be easy, my child but take courage it can be delightful.
Great crisis produce great men and great deeds of courage.
If it scares you, it might be good thing to try.
Be brave enough to start conversation that matters.
Being brave means knowing that when you fail, you don't fail forever.
To live with fear and not be afraid is the final test of maturity.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Fight till the last gasp.
Bravery is believing in yourself, and that thing nobody can teach you.
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
just don't want to die without few scars.
Life is either great adventure or nothing.
The world continues to offer glittering prizes to those who have stout hearts and sharp swords.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
Trust the still, small voice that says, this might work and I'll try it.
When you jump across canyon, cautious small steps and vacillation won't work. Sometimes you just have to go for it.
Be proud of how brave you have been, taking risk and following your dreams.
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.
Bran thought about it. Can man still be brave if he's afraid That is the only time man can be brave, his father told him.
Bullying builds character like nuclear waste creates superheroes. It's rare occurrence and often does much more damage than endowment.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
When people hurt you over and over, think of them like sand paper They may scratch and hurt you bit, but in the end, you end up polished and they end up useless.
Bullying is horrible thing. It sticks with you forever. It poisons you. But only if you let it.
There really is no difference between the bully and the victim.
People who love themselves, don't hurt other people. The more we hate ourselves, the more we want others to suffer.
With ignorance comes fear from fear comes bigotry. Education is the key to acceptance.
You will never reach higher ground if you are always pushing others down.
bully is playing game, one that he or she enjoys and needs. You're welcome to play this game if it makes you happy, but for most people, it will make you miserable.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
Bullying is for people who have no confidence at all. So everyone being bullied, please remember they are scared of you. You have something they don't, and that's what makes them bully you. Don't let their words affect you because they are the ones needing confidence, not you.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in world where everyone is trying to make you be someone else.
realized that bullying never has to do with you. It's the bully who's insecure.
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
Cyberbullying is Bullying. Hiding behind pretty screen, doesn't make it less hateful, written words have power.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh. But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
Some people won't be happy until they've pushed you to the ground. What you have to do is have the courage to stand your ground and not give them the time of day. Hold on to your power and never give it away.
No one heals himself by wounding another.
Never do wrong thing to make friend or to keep one.
would rather be little nobody, then to be evil somebody.
You never realize how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Not all forms of abuse leave bruises.
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
Caring about others, running the risk of feeling, and leaving an impact on people, brings happiness.
Nurturing is not complex. It's simply being tuned in to the thing or person before you and offering small gestures toward what it needs at that time.
Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
Things done well and with care, exempt themselves from fear.
The closest thing to being cared for is to care for someone else.
Without sense of caring, there can be no sense of community.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Warm weather fosters growth cold weather destroys it. Thus man with an unsympathetic temperament has scant joy but man with warm and friendly heart overflowing blessings, and his beneficence will extend to posterity.
Too often we underestimate the power of touch, smile, kind word, listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn life around.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Never believe that few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
Caring for but never trying to own may be further way to define friendship.
So when you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it.
Want of care does us more damage than want of knowledge.
feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
Life has taught me that respect, caring and love must be shared, for it's only through sharing that friendships are born.
We should give as we would receive, cheerfully, quickly, and without hesitation for there is no grace in benefit that sticks to the fingers.
We won't always know whose lives we touched and made better for our having cared, because actions can sometimes have unforeseen ramifications. What's important is that you do care and you act.
Today, give yourself permission to be outrageously kind, irrationally warm, improbably generous. promise it will be blast.
One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.
Caring can be learned by all human beings, can be worked into the design of every life, meeting an individual need as well as pervasive need in society.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
From caring comes courage.
part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
The simple act of caring is heroic.
When people cared about each other, they always found way to make it work.
People who care about each other enjoy doing things for one another. They don't consider it servitude.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, fair weather companion flatters when all is well, true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.
Never be so busy as not to think of others.
The right mixture of caring and not caring suppose that's what love is.
smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is caring, sharing person inside.
When you are caring about your children perhaps you always have to remember at what point you can become over involved because of something you need rather than something the child needs.
One person caring about another represents life's greatest value.
Caring is powerful business advantage.
Always be little kinder than necessary.
The more sympathy you give, the less you need.
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.
It is not alone the fact that women have generally had to spend most of their strength in caring for others that has handicapped them in individual effort but also that they have almost universally had to care wholly for themselves.
One must care about world one will never see.
You don't have garden just for yourself. You have it to share.
person who cares about the earth will resonate with its purity.
mother is person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.
Nature is cruel, but we don't have to be.
kind word is like spring day.
wise man adapts himself to circumstances, as water shapes itself to the vessel that contains it.
As the sun's shadow shifts, so there is no permanence on earth.
We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such thing as an ocean, sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.
little axe can cut down big tree.
When we are no longer able to change situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
rolling stone gathers no moss.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
At high tide, fish eat ants at low tide, ants eat fish.
People who wait for changes to occur on the outside before they commit to making changes on the inside will never make any changes at all.
The wheel of change moves on, and those who were down go up and those who were up go down.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
year's care minute's ruin.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
An hour may destroy what an age was building.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.
The only people who like change are wet babies.
decision made at night may be changed in the morning.
The art of life is constant readjustment to our surroundings.
Life is like the moon now full, now dark.
The winds of heaven change suddenly so do human fortunes.
When the moon is full, it begins to wane.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Change is inevitable. except from vending machine.
When you are through changing, you are through.
You can avoid having ulcers by adapting to the situation If you fall in the mud puddle, check your pockets for fish.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
After you've done thing the same way for two years, look it over carefully. After five years, look at it with suspicion. And after ten years, throw it away and start all over.
Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Everything comes to pass, nothing comes to stay.
Persist as resolutely as you persist in eating.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less second chance.
Things do not change we change.
Change is hard because people overestimate the value of what they have and underestimate the value of what they may gain by giving that up.
People don't resist change. They resist being changed.
It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive but those who can best manage change.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Pleasures are transient honors immortal.
The leopard does not change his spots.
Come what may, time and hour runs through the roughest day.
Any plan is bad that cannot be changed.
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
All good things must come to an end.
Off with the old and on with the new.
Nothing remains constant except change itself.
The morning cup of coffee has an exhilaration about it which the cheering influence of the afternoon or evening cup of tea cannot be expected to reproduce.
believe humans get lot done, not because we're smart, but because we have thumbs so we can make coffee.
It is inhumane, in my opinion, to force people who genuinely have medical need for coffee to wait in line behind people who apparently view it as some kind of recreational activity.
Coffee the favorite drink of the civilized world.
As soon as coffee is in your stomach, there is general commotion. Ideas begin to move. similes arise, the paper is covered. Coffee is your ally and writing ceases to be struggle.
Even bad coffee is better than no coffee at all.
The powers of man's mind are directly proportioned to the quantity of coffee he drinks.
Decaffeinated coffee is the devil's blend.
We want to do lot of stuff we're not in great shape. We didn't get good night's sleep. We're little depressed. Coffee solves all these problems in one delightful little cup.
Among the numerous luxuries of the table. coffee may be considered as one of the most valuable. It excites cheerfulness without intoxication and the pleasing flow of spirits which it occasions. is never followed by sadness, languor or debility.
Way too much coffee. But if it weren't for the coffee, I'd have no identifiable personality whatsoever.
cup of coffee real coffee home browned, home ground, home made, that comes to you dark as hazel eye, but changes to golden bronze as you temper it with cream that never cheated, but was real cream from its birth, thick, tenderly yellow, perfectly sweet, neither lumpy nor frothing on the Java such cup of coffee is match for twenty blue devils and will exorcise them all.
Coffee was only way of stealing time that should by rights belong to your slightly older self.
Coffee, according to the women of Denmark, is to the body what the Word of the Lord is to the soul.
After all, coffee is bitter, flavor from the forbidden and dangerous realm.
like coffee because it gives me the illusion that might be awake.
Should kill myself, or have cup of coffee.
never laugh until I've had my coffee.
No one can understand the truth until he drinks of coffee's frothy goodness.
morning without coffee is like sleep.
Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep.
Coffee is the best thing to douse the sunrise with.
There's nothing sweeter than cup of bitter coffee.
As long as there was coffee in the world, how bad could things be.
I'd rather take coffee than compliments just now.
Come on, don't you ever stop and smell the coffee.
Coffee first. Schemes later.
To me, the smell of fresh made coffee is one of the greatest inventions.
Coffee and love are best when they are hot.
cup of gourmet coffee shared with friend is happiness tasted and time well spent.
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it is essential for human survival.
Compassion is the basis of all morality.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
You cannot do kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
The worst sin toward our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them that's the essence of inhumanity.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting harder battle.
All ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive.
Compassion brings us to stop, and for moment we rise above ourselves.
Compassion is the radicalism of our time.
Biblical orthodoxy without compassion is surely the ugliest thing in the world.
Compassion is foundation for sharing our aliveness and building more humane world.
Compassion has no place in the natural order of the world which operates on the basis of necessity. Compassion opposes this order and is therefore best thought of as being in some way supernatural.
No matter who we are, no matter how successful, no matter what our situation, compassion is something we all need to receive and give.
The whole idea of compassion is based on keen awareness of the interdependence of all these living beings, which are all part of one another, and all involved in one another.
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
The individual is capable of both great compassion and great indifference. He has it within his means to nourish the former and outgrow the latter.
It is in deep solitude that find the gentleness with which can truly love my brothers.
Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of free people. nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
If there is any kindness can show, or any good thing can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as shall not pass this way again.
would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness.
Suffering and joy teach us, if we allow them, how to make the leap of empathy, which transports us into the soul and heart of another person.
The greatest degree of inner tranquility comes from the development of love and compassion. The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater is our own sense of well being.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
We must never minimize the suffering of another. Scripture's mandate to us is, Weep with them that weep. Romans 12 15, KJV.
People may excite in themselves glow of compassion, not by toasting their feet at the fire, and saying Lord, teach me compassion, but by going and seeking an object that requires compassion.
We are already one. But we imagine that we are not. And what we have to recover is our original unity. What we have to be is what we are.
It is important not to allow ourselves to be put off by the magnitude of others suffering. The misery of millions is not cause for pity. Rather it is cause for compassion.
Compassion will no longer be seen as spiritual luxury for contemplative few rather it will be viewed as social necessity for the entire human family.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Biblical orthodoxy without compassion is surely the ugliest thing in the world.
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget me nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
choose kindness. will be kind to the poor, for they are alone. Kind to the rich, for they are afraid. And kind to the unkind, for such is how God has treated me.
Too often we underestimate the power of touch, smile, kind word, listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn life around.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Consistency is what matters the most in triggering something important to your life.
Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are the dead.
Consistency is the foundation of virtue.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were year ago.
Without consistency there is no moral strength.
Consistency is the paste jewel that only cheap men cherish.
Consistency is the enemy of enterprise, just as symmetry is the enemy of art.
Consistency is the horror of the world.
Consistency is the quality of stagnant mind.
Consistency is contraceptive it prevents the birth of new things.
Consistency is jewel, but too much jewelry is vulgar.
Consistency It's the jewel worth wearing It's the anchor worth weighing It's the thread worth weaving It's battle worth winning.
True consistency, that of the prudent and the wise, is to act in conformity with circumstances, and not to act always the same way under change of circumstances.
Consistency is only suitable for ridicule.
Consistency is found in that work whose whole and detail are suitable to the occasion. It arises from circumstance, custom, and nature.
It's not what we do once in while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.
Do it again and again. Consistency makes the rain drops to create holes in the rock. Whatever is difficult can be done easily with regular attendance, attention and action.
My name is CONSISTENCY, am related to SUCCESS. We should hang out more often than every once in while.
Consistency is the key If you can't be consistent, then you can't be anything.
CONSISTENCY FOR ME IS EVERYTHING.
Let there be consistency in whatever you do and whatever you say. If what you think and say is mismatching with what you do, you can't really be trusted.
Consistency also teaches us that some things do not change, though we may wish they would. Not everything bends to our personal preferences.
The secret of success is consistency of purpose.
Across professions, consistency is direct product of work ethic.
Lack of consistency is weakness shared by all nations.
Consistency is the most overrated of all human virtues. I'm someone who changes his mind all the time.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
You have to perform at consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of true professional.
The problem with being consistent is that there are lots of ways to be consistent, and they're all inconsistent with each other.
Teenage crush is like flu. If you find remedy for it, it lasts for couple of days. If you don't, it still lasts for couple of days.
Some crushes just never went away. They built, instead, into something permanent, obsessive and all consuming.
Infatuation is like drug that gives you the best high yet gives you the worst headache after.
The mark of true crush. is that you fall in love first and grope for reasons afterward.
know am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.
Infatuation is the language of beautiful eye upon sensitive heart.
To be your friend was all ever wanted to be your lover was all ever dreamed.
If had single flower for every time think of you, could walk forever in my garden.
Just thinking about you brings smile to face, twinkle to my eye, and skipped beat to my heart.
You get crushes on people. You have to see them every day in that week. They're fantastic person, and it could be man or woman.
Sometimes just can't ignore the way feel when see you smile.
It's nice to have crush on someone. It feels like you're alive, you know.
Your eyes make me shy.
don't remember having crush on boy when was girl. don't even remember my first kiss.
What she had realised was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
And when you love someone you don't always see them realistically.
Admiration is very short lived passion, that immediately decays upon growing familiar with its object.
My insides still turn over when he looks at me that certain way.
Even without kiss, this moment is perfect, and you wouldn't trade it for anything.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.
think about you constantly, whether it's with my mind or my heart.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
When find myself thinking of you, it is all the good memories that we had that bring smile to my face.
like her because she smiles at me and means it.
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
Isn't it funny how just one little phone call or text can make your bad day suddenly wonderful.
She gave me smile could feel in my hip pocket.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
Dancing is vertical expression of horizontal desire.
To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking.
Dance for yourself. If someone understands, good. If not, no matter. Go right on doing what interests you, and do it until it stops interesting you.
You don't enter dance studio and say can't do that. If you do, then why are you in the studio in the first place.
Dance is the hidden language of the soul of the body.
How can we know the dancer from the dance.
Dancing is wonderful training for girls, it's the first way you learn to guess what man is going to do before he does it.
Dance is the only art of which we ourselves are the stuff of which it is made.
There are short cuts to happiness, and dancing is one of them.
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another.
Dancing can reveal all the mystery that music conceals.
Dancing is the poetry of the foot.
Dancing is the loftiest, the most moving, the most beautiful of the arts, because it is not mere translation or abstraction from life it is life itself.
Dancing is moving to the music without stepping on anyone's toes, pretty much the same as life.
The dance is poem of which each movement is word.
Dancing is the world's favorite metaphor.
Talk about dance Dance is not something to talk about. Dance is to dance.
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak.
They who love dancing too much seem to have more brains in their feet than in their head.
Dance isn't something that can be explained in words. It has to be danced.
Dance is like wine it matures with every performance.
Dancing faces you towards Heaven, whichever direction you turn.
Dancing is silent poetry.
Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order.
Dance is song of the body. Either of joy or pain.
The dance minimum of explanation, minimum of anecdotes, and maximum of sensations.
Dance is the poetic baring of the soul through motion.
Dance is like life, it exists as you're flitting through it, and when it's over, it's done.
Dance every performance as if it were your last.
Do it big, do it right, and do it with style.
The only reason for mastering technique is to make sure the body does not prevent the soul from expressing itself.
He who cannot dance puts the blame on the floor.
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
To dance, put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul.
I'm not so interested in how they move as in what moves them.
Someone need not be perfect to be great dancer feeling soul is more important than what the body can do.
Dance is the movement of the universe concentrated in an individual.
We dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hopes, we dance for screams, we are the dancers, we create the dreams.
do not try to dance better than anyone else. only try to to dance better than myself.
Dancing begets warmth, which is the parent of wantonness. It is, Sir, the great grandfather of cuckoldom.
Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.
To be fond of dancing was certain step towards falling in love.
There is bit of insanity in dancing that does everybody great deal of good.
Dance till the stars come down from the rafters Dance, Dance, Dance till you drop.
Dance, even if you have nowhere to do it but your living room.
Dancing is like bank robbery. It takes split second timing.
Dance is your pulse, your heartbeat, your breathing. It's the rhythm of your life. It's the expression in time and movement, in happiness, joy, sadness and envy.
He who cannot dance puts the blame on the floor.
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music.
To dance, put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul.
I'm not so interested in how they move as in what moves them.
Someone need not be perfect to be great dancer Feeling soul is more important than what the body can do.
We dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hopes, we dance for screams, we are the dancers, we create the dreams.
do not try to dance better than anyone else. only try to to dance better than myself.
Dancing begets warmth, which is the parent of wantonness. It is, Sir, the great grandfather of cuckoldom.
To be fond of dancing was certain step towards falling in love.
There is bit of insanity in dancing that does everybody great deal of good.
Dance till the stars come down from the rafters Dance, Dance, Dance till you drop.
Dance, even if you have nowhere to do it but your living room.
Dancing is like bank robbery. It takes split second timing.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
How can we know the dancer from the dance.
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another.
Dancing is the world's favorite metaphor.
Dancing is silent poetry.
Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order.
Dance every performance as if it were your last.
Disappointment to noble soul is what cold water is to burning metal it strengthens, tempers, intensifies, but never destroys it.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
If am to meet with disappointment, the sooner know it, the more of life shall have to wear it off.
Disappointment, when it involves neither shame nor loss, is as good as success for it supplies as many images to the mind, and as many topics to the tongue.
One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments.
Disappointments are to the soul what thunderstorm is to the air.
Disappointment is good sign of basic intelligence. It cannot be compared to anything else it is so sharp, precise, obvious, and direct. If we can open, then we suddenly begin to see that our expectations are irrelevant compared with the reality of the situations we are facing.
What do you do when disappointment comes When it weighs on you like rock, you can either let it press you down until you become discouraged, even devastated, or you can use it as stepping stone to better things.
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way.
But you know that disappointment is just the action of your brain readjusting itself to reality after discovering things are not the way you thought they were.
God makes the life fertile by disappointments, as he makes the ground fertile by frosts.
Let's face it None of us are ever going to get to the place in life where we have no more disappointments. We can't expect to be sheltered from every little thing. Disappointment is fact of life one that must be dealt with.
Disappointment is sort of bankruptcy the bankruptcy of soul that expends too much in hope and expectation.
Life is not always celebration so be ready to courageously face disappointments when they come, and be sure to grow stronger and wiser from them.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
Disappointments are result of failed expectations. To have less disappointments, either expect less from other people or demand more from yourself.
Disappointment is nothing but an eye opening learning process for your future endeavors.
See your disappointments as good fortune. One plan's deflation is another's inflation.
Disappointment or misfortune don't last long among us, the poor we can't live if we brood on them the whole time.
In the midst of my disappointment am never defeated. Only given the opportunity to rise again willing to take on new challenges.
Disappointments are just God's way of saying I've got something better Be Patient. Live Life. Have Faith.
Anytime you suffer setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead.
Disappointment is really just term for our refusal to look on the bright side.
The simple solution for disappointment depression Get up and get moving. Physically move. Do. Act. Get going.
Don't let today's disappointments cast shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
Use disappointments as material for patience.
Every disappointment gives you opportunity to make another appointment.
It is through disappointment that must learn to never accept defeat, but to always come up with brand new plan and find solution.
High expectations lead to higher disappointments.
We all should know that diversity makes for rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in value no matter what their color.
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
Diversity the art of thinking independently together.
Diversity is about all of us, and about us having to figure out how to walk through this world together.
know there is strength in the differences between us. know there is comfort, where we overlap.
We are all different, which is great because we are all unique. Without diversity life would be very boring.
have self made quote Celebrate diversity, practice acceptance and may we all choose peaceful options to conflict.
Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people.
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.
Diversity in the world is basic characteristic of human society, and also the key condition for lively and dynamic world as we see today.
Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
It is never too late to give up your prejudices.
The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of great soul is the whole world.
Diversity is the magic. It is the first manifestation, the first beginning of the differentiation of thing and of simple identity. The greater the diversity, the greater the perfection.
There are no nations There is only humanity. And if we don't come to understand that right soon, there will be no nations, because there will be no humanity.
It were not best that we should all think alike it is difference of opinion that makes horse races.
We have become not melting pot but beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Diversity is not about how we differ. Diversity is about embracing one another's uniqueness.
Honest difference of views and honest debate are not disunity. They are the vital process of policy among free men.
There never were in the world two opinions alike, no more than two hairs or two grains the most universal quality is diversity.
In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is reason for celebration and growth, rather than reason for destruction.
We all live with the objective of being happy our lives are all different and yet the same.
Religions are many and diverse, but reason and goodness are one.
Infinite diversity in infinite combinations. symbolizing the elements that create truth and beauty.
Our task must be to free ourselves. by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Peace is not unity in similarity but unity in diversity, in the comparison and conciliation of differences.
The minute we become an integrated whole, we look through the same eyes and we see whole different world together.
feel my heart break to see nation ripped apart by it's own greatest strength it's diversity.
People may be said to resemble not the bricks of which house is build, but the pieces of picture puzzle, each differing in shape, but matching the rest, and thus bringing out the picture.
Human diversity makes tolerance more than virtue it makes it requirement for survival.
Society is unity in diversity.
Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle.
lot of different flowers make bouquet.
The peoples of the earth are one family.
What the world needs most is openness Open hearts, open doors, open eyes, open minds, open ears, open souls.
No culture can live, if it attempts to be exclusive.
The biggest mistake is believing there is one right way to listen, to talk, to have conversation or relationship.
Differences challenge assumptions.
There is the sky, which is all men's together.
Diversity is the one true thing we all have in common. Celebrate it every day.
Everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same oven.
Creating and managing diverse workforce is process, not destination.
What we have to do. is to find way to celebrate our diversity and debate our differences without fracturing our communities.
In each human heart are tiger, pig, an ass and nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
Variety is the soul of pleasure.
Variety is the spice of life.
When you're good at making excuses, it's hard to excel at anything else.
Several excuses are always less convincing than one.
The best excuse is to have none.
Once your excuses are gone, you will simply have to settle for being awesome.
Excuses are merely nails used to build house of failure.
Excuses are the tools with which persons with no purpose in view build for themselves great monuments of nothing.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who excuses himself accuses himself.
Ninety nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
The real man is one who always finds excuses for others, but never excuses himself.
Don't make excuses, make something incredible happen in your life right now.
Never make excuses. Your friends don't need them and your foes won't believe them.
Don't make excuses. Make things happen. Make changes. Then make history.
Put all excuses aside and remember this YOU are capable.
Do you find yourself making excuses when you do not perform Shed the excuses and face reality. Excuses are the loser's way out. They will mar your credibility and stunt your personal growth.
You can make excuses or you can make progress. You choose.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
The origin of every excuse is the failure to do something.
Excuses, are nothing more, than reason to fail.
Don't make excuses make good.
An excuse is worse and more terrible than lie for an excuse is lie guarded.
life that is defended by Excuses has become comfortable in defeat, it has settled for mediocrity and is destined for failure.
Don't look for excuses to lose. Look for excuses to win.
An excuse is skin of reason stuffed with lie.
It is better to offer no excuse than bad one.
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame.
Any excuse will serve tyrant.
Don't make excuses and Don't talk about it. Do it.
Don't use your past as an excuse, excuse your excuses and take action now.
attribute my success to this never gave or took an excuse.
Some people use excuses to not accept responsiblity, others use excuses as way to justify.
Don't look for excuses to lose. Look for excuses to win.
Excuses are used to justify leaving the scene of truth without changing.
Excuses are useless. Results are priceless.
If you don't want to do something, one excuse is as good as another.
do not believe in excuses. believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems.
Any excuse will do when you need an excuse because it really doesn't matter. You won't be of much use to those who require people that get it done no matter what.
The only good excuse is that you have none.
If you really want to do it, you do it. There are no excuses.
And oftentimes excusing of fault Doth make the fault the worse by the excuse.
For many people, an excuse is better than an achievement because an achievement, no matter how great, leaves you having to prove yourself again in the future, but an excuse can last for life.
Where the heart is willing it will find thousand ways, but where it is unwilling it will find thousand excuses.
There is always perfectly good excuse, always reason not to. The hardest freedom to win is the freedom from one's excuses.
We excuse our sloth under the pretext of difficulty.
Instead of excuses, take action you'll be surprised how often you accomplish what you thought was difficult.
Don't do what you'll have to find an excuse for.
You can make excuses or you can get the job done, but you can't do both.
If you always make excuses to not follow through you deserve the weight of anxiety on your chest.
Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
Excuses are seldom truthful, often handy, and rarely productive. Don't make excuses make things happen.
Fake friends those who only drill holes under your boat to get it leaking those who discredit your ambitions and those who pretend they love you, but behind their backs they know they are in to destroy your legacies.
We fear our enemy but the bigger and real fear is that of fake friend who is sweetest to your face and most vile behind your back.
Fake friends are like shadows always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour True friends are like stars, you don't always see them but they are always there.
Someone who smiles too much with you can sometime frown too much with you at your back.
despise the rituals of fake friendship. wish we could just claw each other's eyes out and call it day instead we put on huge radiant smiles and spout compliments until our teeth hurt from the saccharine sweetness of it all.
Be very careful of who you share your problem with, remember that not every friend that smile at you is your best friend.
It is hard to deal with someone who smiles and pretends to like you to your face and sticks that eight inch blade in your back when you turn around.
false friend and shadow attend only while the sun shines.
An honest enemy is better than false friend. When in doubt, pay more attention to what people do and less to what they say. Actions not only speak louder than words, they are more difficult to fake.
Time alone can prove the worth of friendship. As time goes by we lose the the false ones and keep the best. True friends stay when all the rest are gone.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than wild beast wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
friend who stands with you in pressure is more valuable than hundred ones who stand with you in pleasure.
Most people want to see you to do better, but not doing better than them.
An honest enemy is better than best friend who lies.
Always sleep with one eye open. Never take anything for granted. Your best friends might just be your enemies.
Pretend to be poor in reality and you'll notice decrease in your friends list and request.
Fake friends are like autumn leaves, they're scattered everywhere.
You always knew after sh things happened, who your friends really were.
Better an honest enemy than false friend.
Watch who you call friend, because friends are the same ones that will leak your business to everyone after y'all not friends anymore.
I've got more respect for someone who comes out and says they don't like me than for the ones who act like they do but talk bad about me when I'm not around.
You got nothing to lose. You don't lose when you lose fake friends.
Keep talking about me behind my back, and watch God keep blessing me in front of your face.
Every coin has two sides, just like most people have two faces.
used to think enemies were the worst people in the world, but that was until met fake friends and realized that they're lot worse.
The same person that speaks highly of you will be the same person that downs you. Be careful who you call friends.
Better to have an enemy who slaps you in the face than friend who stabs you in the back.
An enemy, who is honest and shows his her hate openly is better than friend who is liar and putting you down secretly.
false friend, friendly fraud both are like thieves.
false friend is like the shadow of sundial.
Friends are like melons. Shall tell you why To find good one, you must hundred try.
false friend and shadow attend only while the sun shines.
To betray you must first belong. never belonged.
If had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, hope should have the guts to betray my country.
Brother, even by our mother dust, charge you, do not betray me to your mirth or hate.
In one respect indeed, our employment may be reckoned dishonest, because, like great Statesmen, we encourage those who betray their friends.
Is it possible to succeed without any act of betrayal.
First best is falling in love. Second best is being in love. Least best is falling out of love. But any of it is better than never having been in love.
You will always fall in love, and it will always be like having your throat cut, just that fast.
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in coffin, waiting to be cremated.
When you fall in love, the natural thing to do is give yourself to it. That's what think. It's just form of sincerity.
Have you ever watched leaf leave tree It falls upward first, and then it drifts toward the ground, just as find myself drifting towards you.
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others and the delight in the recognition.
Never rush into falling in love, because love never runs out Let love be the one to knock at your door. Besides true love is worth waiting for.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
To fall in love is to create religion that has fallible god.
The first time you fall in love, it changes your life forever, and no matter how hard you try, the feeling never goes away.
Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what mean.
As he read, fell in love the way you fall asleep slow, and then all at once.
Falling in love is great. It colors your whole world and makes your days inspiring. But for some reason, some people find it too scary. They decided it's to better hold that part of their feelings.
Falling in love doesn't fall by itself. There is always desire to take the plunge. Just make sure that love sticks around, to pick you up when you fall.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.
Falling for someone is easy, getting back up after the fall is the problem.
He is my unicorn, though. That's how felt falling in love with him, as if I'd found creature of myth.
Falling in love with YOU was never my intention, but it became my ADDICTION.
Falling for him would be like cliff diving. It would be either the most exhilarating thing that ever happened to me or the stupidest mistake I'd ever make.
This thing about you that you think is your flaw it's the reason I'm falling in love with you.
man falls in love through his eyes, woman through her ears.
You know you're in love the moment you can touch the stars without reaching.
You know you're falling in love when the feeling of falling actually feels like you're floating.
Falling in love is easy. Falling in love with the same person repeatedly is extraordinary.
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult our human loneliness is cause enough. But is hard quest worth making to find comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
To fall in love with someone's thoughts the most intimate, splendid romance.
To fall in love is legendry action that doesn't need any explanation.
fall into him like one would fall into dream, ready to submit to your subconscious's inner most desires and your deepest fears.
Always try to come back to your senses when in love, because that's the moment you become almost carried away by sensuality and sentiments.
Because if fell any deeper for the way his eyes crinkled with his smile or his habit of tapping on his nose to emphasize point, my ship would be sunk.
It's easy to fall in love. The hard part is finding someone to catch you.
successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Falling in love is subtle process, connection sparked by attraction, tested by compatibility, and forged by memory.
don't know how to say this, or even if its true. But love the way you make me feel, and think I'm falling for you.
Everybody makes mistakes. also make them. But the biggest mistake ever made was falling for you.
You always fall for the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time and sometimes for the most unexpected reason.
Trying to make someone fall in love with you is about as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with.
When you fall in love with someone, you give them your heart. When you find out they love you too, you get it back, times two.
have always been quite good at falling in love, but don't pretend to know anything about literal happily ever afters.
guy knows he's in love when he loses interest in his car for couple of days.
Fall in love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
Never love anybody who treats you like you're ordinary.
When you are missing someone, time seems to move slower, and when I'm falling in love with someone, time seems to be moving faster.
Don't fall for him to notice him, notice him to fall for him.
It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons.
An ounce of blood is worth more than pound of friendship.
We all grow up with the weight of history on us. Our ancestors dwell in the attics of our brains as they do in the spiraling chains of knowledge hidden in every cell of our bodies.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
father's treasure brother's comfort friend is both.
brother may not be friend, but friend will always be brother.
Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter.
Families are messy. Immortal families are eternally messy. Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we're related for better or for worse and try to keep the maiming and killing to minimum.
Home is where you are loved the most and act the worst.
Be it ever so humble there's no place like home.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible the kind of atmosphere that is found in nurturing family.
Children are poor man's riches.
Children have more need of models than critics.
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
One father is more than hundred schoolmasters.
That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.
Families ties are cherished things, forged in childhood days, by love of parents, deep and true, and sweet familiar ways.
Having children makes you no more parent than having piano makes you pianist.
The most important thing father can do for his children is to love their mother.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
It is wise father that knows his own child.
Bringing up family should be an adventure, not an anxious discipline in which everybody is constantly graded for performance.
Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something.
Parents were the only ones obligated to love you from the rest of the world you had to earn it.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one family grow up under the same roof.
The strength of nation derives from the integrity of the home.
mother is not person to lean on, but person to make leaning unnecessary.
The best inheritance parent can give to his children is few minutes of their time each day.
The children despise their parents until the age of when they suddenly become just like them thus preserving the system.
This is part of what family is about, not just love. It's knowing that your family will be there watching out for you. Nothing else will give you that. Not money. Not fame. Not work.
Home is people. Not place. If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there any more.
daughter without her mother is woman broken. It is loss that turns to arthritis and settles deep into her bones.
The informality of family life is blessed condition that allows us to become our best while looking our worst.
We cannot destroy kindred our chains stretch little sometimes, but they never break.
This was the trouble with families. Like invidious doctors, they knew just where it hurt.
Blood is thicker than water.
house divided cannot stand.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
crab walks, so walks his children.
What children say, they have heard at home.
You can do anything with children if only you play with them.
To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life we must first set our hearts right.
Like father, like son.
Home is where the heart is.
Give an extra piece of cake to stepchild.
Charity begins at home.
When you educate man you educate an individual. When you educate woman you educate whole family.
We create our fate every day we live.
Fate leads the willing and drags along the unwilling.
No power or virtue of man could ever have deserved that what has been fated should not have taken place.
Fate is nothing but the deeds committed in prior state of existence.
Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny.
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Sometimes our fate resembles fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
Wherever man may happen to turn, whatever man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her. But once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Many men would take the death sentence without whimper to escape the life sentence which Fate carries in her hand.
We may become the makers of our fate when we have ceased to pose as its prophets.
How person masters his fate is more important than what his fate is.
When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
As we move through life, the force of fate creates events that we only appreciate when we reflect on our existence.
One meets his destiny often in the road he takes to avoid it.
Nothing happens by chance, my friend. No such thing as luck. meaning behind every little thing, and such meaning behind this. Part for you, part for me, may not see it all real clear right now, but we will, before long.
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.
Man is manacled only by himself thought and action are the jailers of Fate.
You cannot be lost on road that is straight.
It lies not in our power to love, or hate, For will in us is over rul'd by fate.
do not believe in fate that will fall on us no matter what we do. do believe in fate that will fall on us if we do nothing.
We are spinning our own fates, good or evil, never to be undone.
Whoever yields properly to Fate, is deemed Wise among men, and knows the laws of heaven.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Fate's sentence written on the brow no hand can e'er efface.
Maybe Fate isn't the pond you swim in but the fisherman floating on top of it, letting you run the line wild until you are weary enough to be reeled back in.
Fate is not an eagle, it creeps like rat.
Man may his fate foresee, but not prevent Tis better to be fortunate than wise.
We seal our fate with the choices we make.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Failure and success seem to have been allotted to men by their stars. But they retain the power of wriggling, of fighting with their star or against it, and in the whole universe the only really interesting movement is this wriggle.
will seize fate by the throat it shall certainly never wholly overcome me.
Fate laughs at probabilities.
They. who await No gifts from Chance, have conquered Fate.
door that seems to stand open must be man's size, or it is not the door that Providence means for him.
Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Fate is like strange, unpopular restaurant, filled with odd waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.
Fate loves the fearless.
It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, am the master of my fate am the captain of my soul.
Do not be afraid our fate Cannot be taken from us it is gift.
Once you make decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Sometimes life has cruel sense of humor, giving you the thing you always wanted at the worst time possible.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of determined soul.
Fate is never fair. You are caught in current much stronger than you are struggle against it and you'll drown not just yourself but those who try to save you. Swim with it. and you'll survive.
Yet it would be your duty to bear it, if you could not avoid it it is weak and silly to say you cannot bear what it is your fate to be required to bear.
can control my destiny, but not my fate. Destiny means there are opportunities to turn right or left, but fate is one way street. believe we all have the choice as to whether we fulfil our destiny, but our fate is sealed.
There is no such thing as accident it is fate misnamed.
What separates the winners from the losers is how person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.
Men can starve from lack of self realization as much as they can from lack of bread.
People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself. But the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Know thyself If knew myself, I'd run away.
The only journey is the journey within.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
One must know oneself. If this does not serve to discover truth, it at least serves as rule of life, and there is nothing better.
think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Should we say the self, once perceived, becomes the soul.
Resolve to be thyself and know, that he who finds himself, loses his misery.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
If man happens to find himself, he has mansion which he can inhabit with dignity all the days of his life.
In the end you don't so much find yourself as you find someone who knows who you are.
Don't spend all of your time trying to FIND yourself. Spend your time CREATING yourself into person that you'll be proud of.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Don't worry about finding your soul mate. Find yourself.
Whatever it takes to find the real you, don't be daunted if the rest of the world looks on in shock.
When you fight yourself to discover the real you, there is only one winner.
Someday, somewhere anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life.
long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever find myself.
Each man's life represents road toward himself.
Knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength mastering yourself is true power.
First find the man in yourself if you will inspire manliness in others.
Lose yourself wholly and the more you lose, the more you will find.
You've got to know yourself so you can at last be yourself.
Be who you are, and find yourself so you can be your own person and enjoy life with no regret.
Your real self may be hiding somewhere, look for it within, when you find yourself, you can freely be what you want to be.
Find yourself first like yourself first love yourself FIRST friendship love will naturally find YOU.
Finding oneself and one's path is like waking up on foggy day. Be patient, and presently the fog will clear and that which has always been there can be seen. The path is already there to follow.
Find the love you seek, by first finding the love within yourself. Learn to rest in that place within you that is your true home.
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
If you're being ignored, that's good time to concentrate on finding yourself and creating your own mystery.
It's life's journey of finding ourselves, finding our power, and living for yourself, not for everyone else.
You really have to look inside yourself and find your own inner strength, and say, I'm proud of what am and who am, and I'm just going to be myself.
You've got to find yourself first. Everything else'll follow.
You never find yourself until you face the truth.
Sometimes when you lose your way, you find YOURSELF.
The only way to find yourself is when you start being true to everyone around you.
We lose ourselves in things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
All the wonders you seek are within yourself.
Sometimes we must lose ourselves to find ourselves.
Know thyself means this, that you get acquainted with what you know, and what you can do.
It's not about finding home so much as finding yourself.
Go find yourself first So you can also find me.
Find out who you are and do it on purpose.
Committing yourself is way of finding out who you are. man finds his identity by identifying.
One does not find oneself by pursuing one's self, but on the contrary by pursuing something else and learning through discipline or routine. who one is and wants to be.
Fire that's closest kept burns most of all.
Fire is the most tolerable third party.
Fire and gunpowder do not sleep together.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Fire is the test of gold adversity, of strong men.
Give man fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
The fire you kindle for your enemy often burns yourself more than them.
Playing with fire is bad for those who burn themselves. For the rest of us, it is very great pleasure.
Fire in the heart sends smoke into the head.
One can enjoy wood fire worthily only when he warms his thoughts by it as well as his hands and feet.
What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.
He who sits by the fire, thankless for the fire, is just as if he had no fire. Nothing is possessed save in appreciation, of which thankfulness is the indispensable ingredient.
Fire, water, and government know nothing of mercy.
The most tangible of all visible mysteries fire.
Among the notable things about fire is that it also requires oxygen to burn exactly like its enemy, life. Thereby are life and flames so often compared.
The United States is like giant boiler. Once the fire is lighted under it, there is no limit to the power it can generate.
Life is flame that is always burning itself out, but it catches fire again every time child is born.
man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.
Words are only painted fire look is the fire itself.
Big fires flare up in wind, but little ones are blown out unless they are carried in under cover.
If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because bet that's what really throws you into panic.
Fire is never gentle master.
Just as candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without spiritual life.
The fire is the main comfort of the camp, whether in summer or winter, and is about as ample at one season as at another. It is as well for cheerfulness as for warmth and dryness.
Success isn't result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Where there is smoke there is fire.
When you think about flying, it's nuts really. Here you are at about 40, 000 feet, screaming along at 700 miles an hour and you're sitting there drinking Diet Pepsi and eating peanuts. It just doesn't make any sense.
Flying may not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
There is no flying without wings.
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with few seconds of sheer terror.
Sometimes, flying feels too godlike to be attained by man. Sometimes, the world from above seems too beautiful, too wonderful, too distant for human eyes to see.
The exhilaration of flying is too keen, the pleasure too great, for it to be neglected as sport.
Flying is more than sport and more than job flying is pure passion and desire, which fill lifetime.
Flying is lot like playing musical instrument you're doing so many things and thinking of so many other things, all at the same time. It becomes spiritual experience. Something wonderful happens in the pit of your stomach.
Flying has torn apart the relationship of space and time it uses our old clock but with new yardsticks.
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
There is no more exciting sport than flying, for if you lose, you die.
Flying is awful, there's nothing to do when you're up in the air. bloat up, my skin gets dry, and when we hit turbulence, I'm terrified.
don't have fear of flying have fear of crashing.
Why fly Simple. I'm not happy unless there's some room between me and the ground.
think it is pity to lose the romantic side of flying and simply to accept it as common means of transport.
There are only two emotions in plane boredom and terror.
Once you have learned to fly your plane, it is far less fatiguing to fly than it is to drive car. You don't have to watch every second for cats, dogs, children, lights, road signs, ladies with baby carriages and citizens who drive out in the middle of.
You haven't seen tree until you've seen its shadow from the sky.
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
The good thing about flying solo is it's never boring.
It's only when you're flying above it that you realize how incredible the Earth really is.
Flying was very tangible freedom. In those days, it was beauty, adventure, discovery the epitome of breaking into new worlds.
When once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
There are no signposts in the sky to show man has passed that way before. There are no channels marked. The flier breaks each second into new uncharted seas.
That's the thing about flying You could talk to someone for hours and never even know his name, share your deepest secrets and then never see them again.
Flying can be easy at times, but with the wrong machine or the wrong person at the controls, it is the most difficult thing in the world.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance one cannot fly into flying.
To most people the sky is the limit. To those who love flying, the sky is home.
There is no sport equal to that which aviators enjoy while being carried through the air on great white wings.
More than anything else, the sensation of flying is one of perfect peace mingled with an excitement that strains every nerve to the utmost if you can conceive of such combination.
learned the discipline of flying in order to have the freedom of flight. Discipline prevents crashes.
was sold on flying as soon as had taste for it.
Flying is done largely with the imagination.
have often said that the lure of flying is the lure of beauty. That the reasons flyers fly, whether they know it or not, is the aesthetic appeal of flying.
If you are bored flying, your standards are too low.
In flying have learned that carelessness and overconfidence are usually far more dangerous than deliberately accepted risks.
Flying is within our grasp. We have naught to do but take it.
We who fly do so for the love of flying. We are alive in the air with this miracle that lies in our hands and beneath our feet.
Flying alone Nothing gives such sense of mastery over time over mechanism, mastery indeed over space, time, and life itself, as this.
Flying fosters fantasies of childhood, of omnipotence, rapid shifts of being, miraculous moments it stirs our capacity for dreaming.
All my life, I've never been able to get enough airplanes. This will keep me flying every day.
Flying prevails whenever man and his airplane are put to test of maximum performance.
Below twenty, boys are too rash for flying. Above twenty five they are too prudent.
Flying is hypnotic and all pilots are victims to the spell. Their world is like magic island in which the factors of life and death assume their proper values. Thinking becomes clear because there are no earthly foibles or embellishments to confuse it.
Any pilot can describe the mechanics of flying. What it can do for the spirit of man is beyond description.
Flying is inherently dangerous. We like to gloss that over with clever rhetoric and comforting statistics, but these facts remain gravity is constant and powerful, and speed kills. In combination, they are particularly destructive.
fly because it releases my mind from the tyranny of petty things.
Flying without feathers is not easy my wings have no feathers.
See driving is like stabbing someone, it's very personal. While flying is like shooting someone, it's more distant.
Fridays are the hardest in some ways you're so close to freedom.
If my boss knew how unproductive am on Fridays, he wouldn't want me here either.
For most Americans, Friday afternoons are filled with positive anticipation of the weekend. In Washington, it's where government officials dump stories they want to bury.
Employers are at their happiest on Mondays. Employees are at their happiest on Fridays.
Friday is like superhero that always arrives just in time to stop me from savagely beating one of my coworkers with keyboard.
There is vast world of work out there in this country, where at least 111 million people are employed in this country alone many of whom are bored out of their minds. All day long. Not for nothing is their motto TGIF Thank God It's Friday. They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
Youth is like long weekend on Friday night. Middle age is like long weekend on Monday afternoon.
Make Friday day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of knowing that you just didn't put in time to the next pay check.
If you must have motivation, think of your paycheck on Friday.
It's Friday. any plan of being productive member of society is officially thrown out the window.
Welcome to Friday. In preparation for takeoff, please ensure all negative attitudes are properly stowed. On behalf of your captain, Jack Daniels and myself, welcome aboard. expect sunshine and good attitudes today for our trip. Enjoy the ride.
always give 100 at work 13 Monday, 22 Tuesday, 26 Wednesday, 35 Thursday, Friday. Welcome back weekend.
Friday. The golden child of the weekdays. The superhero of the workweek. The welcome wagon to the weekend. The famous word we thank God for every week.
Dear Monday, want to break up. I'm seeing Tuesday and dreaming about Friday. Sincerely, It's not me, It's you.
It's always difficult to keep Fridays confined within themselves. they tend to spill over.
Things people say It's Friday Things self employed people say It's Friday.
Thursday doesn't even count as day, it's just the thing that's blocking friday.
If you're playing World of Warcraft on Friday night you put your ear up to your monitor, it sounds exactly like having no friends.
My boss yelled at me yesterday It's the fifth time you've been late to work this week Do you know what that means said, Probably that it's Friday.
I'm so sad it's Friday. wish it was Monday already said No one in history, ever.
know every day is gift, but where's the receipt for Mondays want to exchange it for another Friday.
Waiting for the fish to bite or waiting for wind to fly kite. Or waiting around for Friday night or waiting perhaps for their Uncle Jake or pot to boil or better break or string of pearls or pair of pants or wig with curls or another chance. Everyone is just waiting.
Your hair may be brushed, but your mind's untidy. You've had about seven hours of sleep since Friday. No wonder you feel that lost sensation. You're sunk from riot of relaxation.
Why is Monday so far away from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is slow ripening fruit.
Hold true friend with both your hands.
real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
The wise man learns more from his enemies than the fool does from his friends.
Misfortune tests the sincerity of friends.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Sometimes being friend means mastering the art of timing. There is time for silence. time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
Who is mighty He who makes an enemy into friend.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Keep your friendships in repair.
Friendship is always sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.
Each friend represents world in us, world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that new world is born.
Friendship marks life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Most of us don't need psychiatric therapist as much as friend to be silly with.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
To have few amazing friends on this side of eternity, this sometimes grotesque amusement park, is the greatest joy.
loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad.
would rather walk with friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Friends are God's way of taking care of us.
true friend is the best Possession.
Friendship increases by visiting friends but visiting seldom.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Keep your friends close, your enemies even closer.
Make friend when you don't need one.
No better relation than prudent and faithful friend.
One enemy is too many and hundred friends too few.
Little friends may prove great friends.
Strangers are just friends waiting to happen.
The best mirror is an old friend.
The road to friend's house is never long.
The wolf and the dog agree, at the expense of the goat which together they eat.
When eat your bread, sing your song.
You never really know your friends from your enemies until the ice breaks.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Friendship is born at that moment when one man says to another What You too thought that no one but myself.
Don't walk behind me may not lead. Don't walk in front of me may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have best friend.
It's the friends you can call up at that matter.
Friendship isn't big thing it's million little things.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
There are some people in life that make you laugh little louder, smile little bigger, and live just little bit better.
Good friends help you find important things when you have lost them. Your smile, you hope, and your courage.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives.
don't need friend who changes when change and who nods when nod my shadow does that much better.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
To find friend one must close one eye. To keep him close two.
Friends are God apology for relations.
It may be more difficult to make new friends as you get older but it is some consolation to know how easy it is to lose them when you are young.
Thank you for being friend Traveled down road and back again Your heart is true, you're pal and confidant.
What would you think if sang out of tune Would you stand up and walk out on me Lend me your ears and I'll sing you song And I'll try not to sing out of key Oh, get by with little help from my friends.
For good times and bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for.
Two sturdy oaks mean, which side by side, Withstand the winter's storm, And spite of wind and tide, Grow up the meadow's pride, For both are strong Above they barely touch, but undermined Down to their deepest source, Admiring you shall find Their roots are intertwined Insep'rably.
was angry with my friend told my wrath, my wrath did end. was angry with my foe told it not, my wrath did grow.
It not that diamonds are girl best friend, but it your best friends who are your diamonds.
There is nothing would not do for those who are really my friends. have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
What is friend single soul dwelling in two bodies.
friend is one who overlooks your broken fence and admires the flowers in the garden.
If you're always battling against getting older, you're always going to be unhappy, because it will happen anyhow.
As you get older threee things happen. The first is your memory goes, and the can't remember the other two.
There is absolutely nothing to be said in favor of growing old. There ought to be legislation against it.
As we grow older, our bodies get shorter and our anecdotes longer.
man is getting old when he walks around puddle instead of through it.
don't believe one grows older. think that what happens early on in life is that at certain age one stands still and stagnates.
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Do not regret growing older. It is privilege denied to many.
We turn not older with years, but newer every day.
As we grow older, our capacity for enjoyment shrinks, but not our appetite for it.
The older you get the stronger the wind gets and it's always in your face.
As man grows older it is harder and harder to frighten him.
My mother always used to say, The older you get, the better you get, unless you're banana.
The older grow the more distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
Some folks as they grow older grow wise but most folks simply grow stubborner.
There are compensations for growing older. One is the realization that to be sporting isn't at all necessary. It is great relief to reach this stage of wisdom.
As we grow older, we must discipline ourselves to continue expanding, broadening, learning, keeping out minds active and open.
As we grow older we grow both more foolish and wiser at the same time.
have found it to be true that the older I've become the better my life has become.
You know you're getting old when you can pinch an inch on your forehead.
I'm kind of comfortable with getting older because it's better than the other option, which is being dead. So I'll take getting older.
As you get older, you're always maturing, you're always learning something new about yourself.
Everything changes as you get older your mind, your body, the way you view the world.
The older get, the more open minded get, the less judgmental get.
Aging is not lost youth but new stage of opportunity and strength.
As get older, realize that the thing value the most is good heartedness.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Growing old is no more than bad habit which busy man has no time to form.
The great thing about getting older is that you become more mellow. Things aren't as black and white, and you become much more tolerant. You can see the good in things much more easily rather than getting enraged as you used to do when you were young.
actually think there's an incredible amount of self knowledge that comes with getting older.
highly recommend getting older There's less tendency to people please.
The good thing about getting older is that, as you become less attractive, so you have less desire to go out and conquer everyone you see.
The more you are getting older, you lose little something. Of course there is another advantage, because of your long experience you can use it.
Part of getting older is realizing that you can integrate all these different areas of your life, rather than the adolescent mindset, which for me lasted long time, which says, It's all or nothing.
One of the pluses of getting older is you set some limits.
Getting older is fine. There is nothing you can do to stop it so you might as well stay on the bus.
You can't help getting older, but you can help yourself from becoming old and infirm, in mind as well as body.
It's no fun getting older. might be wearing beautiful diamond earrings, but they can't take away the pain of losing my hearing.
You know you're getting older when the candles cost more than the cake.
Getting older is like riding bicycle, if you don't keep peddling, you'll fall.
Getting old is fascination thing. The older you get, the older you want to get.
We don't grow older, we grow riper.
One of the good things about getting older is you find you're more interesting than most of the people you meet.
Growing older is not upsetting being perceived as old is.
As you get older, you look at things differently.
You don't get older, you get better.
As you grow older, you learn to understand life little better.
The fun thing about getting older is finding younger people to mentor.
Everyone thinks you make mistakes when you're young. But don't think we make any fewer when we're grown up.
Doing all the little tricky things it takes to grow up, step by step, into an anxious and unsettling world.
Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it.
Even though you're growing up, you should never stop having fun.
For, after all, you do grow up, you do outgrow your ideals, which turn to dust and ashes, which are shattered into fragments and if you have no other life, you just have to build one up out of these fragments.
Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.
Growing up happens in heartbeat. One day you're in diapers the next day you're gone. But the memories of childhood stay with you for the long haul.
Growing up happens when you start having things you look back on and wish you could change.
Growing up is hard, love. Otherwise everyone would do it.
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
Growing up is never easy. You hold on to things that were. You wonder what's to come. But that night, think we knew it was time to let go of what had been, and look ahead to what would be. Other days. New days. Days to come. The thing is, we didn't have to hate each other for getting older. We just had to forgive ourselves. for growing up.
Growing up is never straight forward. There are moments when everything is fine, and other moments where you realize that there are certain memories that you'll never get back, and certain people that are going to change, and the hardest part is knowing that there's nothing you can do except watch them.
Growing up is such barbarous business, full of inconvenience and pimples.
am convinced that most people do not grow up. We marry and dare to have children and call that growing up. think what we do is mostly grow old. We carry accumulation of years in our bodies, and on our faces, but generally our real selves, the children inside, are innocent and shy as magnolias.
think she is growing up, and so begins to dream dreams, and have hopes and fears and fidgets, without knowing why or being able to explain them.
think, as you're growing up, your emotions are just as deep as they are when you're an adult. You're ability to feel lonely, longing, confused or angry are just as deep. We don't feel things more as we get older.
would have given anything to keep her little. They outgrow us so much faster than we outgrow them.
If growing up is the process of creating ideas and dreams about what life should be, then maturity is letting go again.
If growing up means it would be beneath my dignity to climb tree, I'll never grow up, never grow up, never grow up Not me.
If you're gonna screw up, do it while you're young. Older you get, the harder it is to bounce back.
In this day and age, some turn 18 and think they're man or woman and that's it, but that's just not true. You have to establish your manhood or your womanhood with actions.
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
Most of us won't see one another after graduation, and even if we do it will be different. We'll be different. We'll be adults cured, tagged and labeled and paired and identified and placed neatly on our life path, perfectly round marbles set to roll down even, well defined slopes.
One of the oddest things about being grown up was looking back at something you thought you knew and finding out the truth of it was completely different from what you had always believed.
Part of growing up is realizing you learn to love so many people. It's about forming those relationships and finding what will last forever.
Part of growing up was learning not to be quite that honest learning when it was better to lie, rather than to hurt someone with the truth.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
Sometimes we're so concerned about giving our children what we never had growing up, we neglect to give them what we did have growing up.
Sometimes you have to grow up before you appreciate how you grew up.
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
Too many people grow up. That's the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up. They forget. They don't remember what it's like to be 12 years old. They patronize, they treat children as inferiors. Well won't do that.
Until you're grown up they send you to reform school. After you're grown up they send you to the penitentiary.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Part of growing up is just taking what you learn from that and moving on and not taking it to heart.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
We had so many dreams as children. Where do they go when we grow Are they swallowed up by the mundane things of everyday life Or do we lose them, leave them behind us in the dust, for new children to find and take up.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
This is growing up, having to stomp out love, this is how people turn terrible.
had lot of growing up to do. lot of times, learned the hard way.
We grow neither better nor worse as we get old, but more like ourselves.
know that in my past was young and irresponsible but that's what growing up is. You learn from your mistakes.
No matter where you are or where you grow up, you always go through the same awkward moments of being teenager and growing up and trying to figure out who you are.
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.
Everything was afraid of when was growing up, I've become. I've taken on my nightmares, like the devil and the end of the world, and I've become those things.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of rat.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
Success makes so many people hate you. wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
Hate must make man productive. Otherwise one might as well love.
All men kill the thing they hate, too, unless, of course, it kills them first.
Hate cages all the good things about you.
The price of hating other human beings is loving oneself less.
Hate is like water in dry gulch. The longer it runs, the deeper it digs.
Hate destroys the very structure of the personality of the hater. when you start hating anybody, it destroys the very center of your creative response to life and the universe so love everybody.
We hate some persons because we do not know them and will not know them because we hate them.
If you hate person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.
imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
think that hate is thing, feeling, that can only exist where there is no understanding.
have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great burden to bear.
No one is born hating another person because of the colour of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
That feelings of love and hate make rational judgments impossible in public affairs, as in private affairs, we can clearly enough see in others, though not so clearly in ourselves.
Hate is like swordfish, working through water invisibly and then you see it coming with blood along its blade, but transparency disarms it.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
Hatred is cold fire, and it gives no warmth.
Blunted unto goodness is the heart which anger never stirreth, but that which hatred swelleth, is keen to carve out evil.
The worst enemy is one whose doctrines are founded in hate and are thus beyond debate.
Hatred is like fire it makes even light rubbish deadly.
It is easier to hate those we love, than love those whom we have hated.
Hate is the consequence of fear we fear something before we hate child who fears noises becomes the man who hates them.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
You never really hate anyone as much as someone you cared about once.
Hate is bottomless cup will pour and pour.
Others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win, unless you hate them. And then, you destroy yourself.
Dislike what deserves it, but never hate for that is of the nature of malice which is almost ever to persons, not things, and is one of the blackest qualities sin begets in the soul.
Hate always sells well, but for repeat trade and the long pull happiness is sounder merchandise.
Those who hate most fervently must have once loved deeply those who want to deny the world must have once embraced what they now set on fire.
Hate is always clash between our spirit and someone else's body.
Hate is lack of imagination.
Hatreds are the cinders of affection.
Hate is not good counselor.
Hatred is the atmosphere of hell.
Hate misleads, fear distorts and love blinds.
Hatred unlocks no doors in heaven.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
Hatred makes us all ugly.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
You lose lot of time, hating people.
Hate brings to men wars and fear.
Hatred is one long wait.
Hatred is self punishment.
Hate less, live longer.
Hatred bounces.
It is not violence that best overcomes hate nor vengeance that most certainly heals injury.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, ll always be in your heart. If you hate me, ll always be in your mind.
If you have been hated, you have also been loved.
Love those that hate you, but to love those one hates is impossible.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
merry heart doeth good like medicine, but broken spirit drieth the bones.
Better ten times ill than one time dead.
Before healing others, heal yourself.
man with cough cannot conceal himself.
When the heart is at ease, the body is healthy.
Sometimes the remedy is worse than the disease.
man's health can be judged by which he takes two at time pills or stairs.
The foundation of success in life is good health that is the substratum fortune it is also the basis of happiness. person cannot accumulate fortune very well when he is sick.
To keep the body in good health is duty. otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and bad memory.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of misprint.
If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not all you want.
Ill health of body or of mind, is defeat. Health alone is victory. Let all men, if they can manage it, contrive to be healthy.
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care.
wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end.
Health is the greatest of all possessions pale cobbler is better than sick king.
The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body. The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results.
man too busy to take care of his health is like mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
To become thoroughly good man is the best prescription for keeping sound mind and sound body.
Many people treat their bodies as if they were rented from Hertz something they are using to get around in but nothing they genuinely care about understanding.
The healthy, the strong individual, is the one who asks for help when he needs it. Whether he has an abscess on his knee or in his soul.
good laugh and long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book.
Adapt the remedy to the disease.
After dinner rest while after supper walk mile.
An ounce of prevention is worth pound of cure.
Eat to live, not live to eat.
Feed cold and starve fever.
If you would live long, open your heart.
One day in perfect health is much.
When one is hungry, everything tastes good.
Calm mind brings inner strength and self confidence, so that's very important for good health.
All the money in the world can't buy you back good health.
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
fit, healthy body that is the best fashion statement.
There's lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
The greatest wealth is health.
To insure good health Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment. The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body.
As see it, every day you do one of two things build health or produce disease in yourself.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
If you need medical advice, let these three things be your physicians cheerful mind, relaxation from business, and moderate diet.
The preservation of health is duty. Few seem conscious that there is such thing as physical morality.
Prevention is better than cure.
People who laugh actually live longer than those who don't laugh. Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter.
He who takes medicine and neglects to diet wastes the skill of his doctors.
The groundwork for all happiness is good health.
Heaven will be the perfection we've always longed for. All the things that made Earth unlovely and tragic will be absent in heaven.
would not give one moment of heaven for all the joy and riches of the world, even if it lasted for thousands and thousands of years.
For the Christian, heaven is where Jesus is. We do not need to speculate on what heaven will be like. It is enough to know that we will be forever with Him.
There are no crown wearers in heaven who were not cross bearers here below.
The way you store up treasure in heaven is by investing in getting people there.
To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here.
The way to Heaven is ascending we must be content to travel uphill, though it be hard and tiresome, and contrary to the natural bias of our flesh.
Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.
Heaven means to be one with God.
My home is heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
Heaven doesn't make this life less important it makes it more important.
Heaven is wonderful place and the benefits for the believer are out of this world.
Heaven is permanent residence place where we unpack our bags and stay forever. What glorious thought to wake up in Heaven and realize it is home.
The whole point of Heaven is to relieve us of the suffering, pain, death and tears brought into the world by the evil of humanity. That is why God says that in Heaven there will be no more sorrow, pain, death or crying.
Thinking about Heaven can inspire and encourage us to be more heavenly minded and realize that Heaven is real place where we're really going to live.
The propitious smiles of Heaven can never be expected on nation that disregards the eternal rules of order and right, which Heaven itself has ordained.
Ascensions into heaven are like falling leaves sad and happy all at the same time Going away isn't really sad especially when your going enables new kind of presence to be born.
Entrance into Heaven is not at the hour of death, but at the moment of conversion.
You must receive something of heaven into the soul, before the soul can be received into heaven.
Heaven lent you soul Earth will lend grave.
He whose head is in heaven need not fear to put his feet into the grave.
We cannot even begin to imagine how wonderful heaven is.
Heaven is not figment of imagination. It is not feeling or an emotion. It is not the Beautiful Isle of Somewhere. It is prepared place for prepared people.
Let heaven fill your thoughts instead. Because when you do, everything on earth gets placed in its proper perspective.
We need to be homesick for heaven. Though we have never been there, we still have something God has built within us that gives us certain homesickness, desire to be there.
There is only one way to be certain that you are on your way to Heaven and that is through faith in Jesus.
Heaven has road, but no one travels it Hell has no gate but men will dig to get there.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
Better limp all the way to heaven than not get there at all.
Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground.
Heaven is beautiful place to be, full of beautiful people having beautiful time.
The more of Heaven we cherish, the less of Earth we covet.
Heaven offers nothing that mercenary soul can desire.
would rather go to heaven alone than go to hell in company.
Heaven hath many tongues to talk of it, more eyes to behold it, but few hearts that rightly affect it.
There is no man that goeth to heaven but he must go by the cross. The cross is the standing way mark which all they that go to glory must pass by.
Let your hope of heaven master your fear of death.
Heav'n but the Vision of fulfill'd Desire, And Hell the Shadow from Soul on fire.
We talk about heaven being so far away. It is within speaking distance to those who belong there. Heaven is prepared place for prepared people.
Surely heaven must have something of the color and shape of whatever village or hill or cottage of which the believer says, This is my own.
Heaven the treasury of everlasting life.
The key to heaven's gate cannot be duplicated.
There are but two places where all go after death, white and black, rich and poor those places are Heaven and Hell. Heaven is place made for those, who are born again, and who love God, and it is place where they will be happy for ever.
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
The first step toward heaven, is to see ourselves near hell.
How sweet is rest after fatigue How sweet will heaven be when our journey is ended.
If you insist on keeping hell, or even earth you will never see heaven. If you accept heaven you will not be able to retain even the smallest and most intimate souvenirs of Hell.
We are as near to heaven as we are far from self, and far from the love of sinful world.
Heaven is family gathering of believers from every tribe and nation, but it is also our Father's house and in that house He is preparing room just for you. When you arrive in heaven and Jesus opens the door, you'll know you're home. For the Christian.
The most thrilling thing about heaven is that Jesus Christ will be there. will see Him face to face. Jesus Christ will meet us at the end of life's journey.
clear conscience is more valuable than wealth.
fair exchange is no robbery.
friend's eye is good mirror.
loan though old is not gift.
man who never made mistake, never made anything.
An apple day keeps the doctor away.
Avoid dishonest gain no price can recompence the pangs of vice.
Caesar's wife must be above suspicion.
Dally not with other folk's spouses or money.
Don't pretend to be something you aren't.
Don't take any wooden nickels.
Following the path of least resistence is what makes both men and rivers crooked.
From the fullness of the heart, the mouth speaks.
Half the truth is often whole lie.
He that first cries out stop thief is often he that has stolen the treasure.
He that steals an egg will steal an ox.
Honesty is the best policy.
It is better to suffer for truth than to prosper by falsehood.
Keep conscience clear, then never fear.
Keep thy shop and thy shop will keep thee.
Let's get things straight.
Making money selling manure is better than losing money selling musk.
No legacy is as rich as honesty.
Pay what you owe and what you're worth you'll know.
Possession is nine tenths of the law.
The best thing about telling the truth is. you don't have to remember what you said.
The contented person can never be ruined.
The sting of reproach is the truth of it.
When thief kisses you, count your teeth.
You can fool people some of the time, but you can't fool them all of the time.
Hope is good breakfast but bad supper.
drowning man will clutch at straw.
However long the night, the dawn will break.
If it were not for hope, the heart would break.
Keep your eyes on the sun and you will not see the shadows.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear hardship today.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Hope can be powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens.
Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone.
When you're at the end of your rope, tie knot and hold on.
Hope itself is like star not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity.
What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life.
Hope is beautiful thing. It gives us peace and strength, and keeps us going when all seems lost. Accepting what you cannot change doesn't mean you have given up on hope. It just means you have to focus your hope on more humanly tangible and attainable goals.
Hope is renewable option If you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all.
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Hope is one of the principal springs that keep mankind in motion.
Hope is medicine for soul that's sick and tired.
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
Hope is like road in the country there was never road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence.
Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles.
Of all ills that one endures, hope is cheap and universal cure.
Hope is sweet minded and sweet eyed. It draws pictures it weaves fancies it fills the future with delight.
Hope is tenacious. It goes on living and working when science has dealt it what should be its deathblow.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come.
Strange as it may seem, still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.
It's really wonder that haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet keep them, because in spite of everything, still believe that people are really good at heart.
The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from distance but live right in it, under its roof.
Every cloud has silver lining.
Every jack has his jill if only they can find each other.
Every pot will find its lid.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Hope springs eternal.
The darkest hours are just before dawn.
Where there's life, there's hope.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
Never give up. Expect only the best from life and take action to get it.
Hope is outreaching desire with expectancy of good. It is characteristic of all living beings.
As long as we have hope, we have direction, the energy to move, and the map to move by.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
You've gotta have hope. Without hope life is meaningless. Without hope life is meaning less and less.
Hope is passion for what is possible.
We always kept in our hearts the most noble, beautiful feeling that sets human beings apart hope.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
Hope is good breakfast, but it is bad supper.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they re capable of.
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Ignorance deprives people of freedom because they do not know what alternatives there are. It is impossible to choose to do what one has never heard of.
Beware of false knowledge it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
To remove ignorance is an important branch of benevolence.
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.
If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.
The only victories which leave no regret are those which are gained over ignorance.
Better be ignorant of matter than half know it.
am not ashamed to confess am ignorant of what do not know.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Being ignorant is not so much shame as being unwilling to learn.
Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.
Ignorance is preferable to error and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing, than he who believes what is wrong.
Most ignorance is evincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.
Ignorance is like delicate fruit touch it, and the bloom is gone.
Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today and it will set the pace tomorrow.
Ignorance is not innocence, but sin.
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but night without moon or star.
Ignorance speaks loudly, so as to be heard but its volume proves reason to doubt every word.
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
Ignorance is the dominion of absurdity.
The truest characters of ignorance Are vanity, and pride, and annoyance.
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
Ignorance never settles question.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Go within every day and find the inner strength so that the world will not blow your candle out.
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
If they hadn't told me was ugly, never would have searched for my beauty. And if they hadn't tried to break me down, wouldn't know that I'm unbreakable.
Life has many ways of testing person's will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose.
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
You've got to follow your passion. You've got to figure out what it is you love who you really are. And have the courage to do that. believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dream.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure. than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.
Live in terms of your strong points. Magnify them. Let your weaknesses shrivel up and die from lack of nourishment.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Physical strength is measured by what we carry. Inner strength is measured by what we can bear.
Every great dream begins with dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Spirit has fifty times the strength and staying power of brawn and muscle.
In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.
At times, our strengths propel us so far forward we can no longer endure our weaknesses and perish from them.
will love the light for it shows me the way, yet will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Character is higher than intellect. great soul will be strong to live as well as think.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
He who conquers others is strong He who conquers himself is mighty.
In the depth of winter, finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on it is going on when you don't have strength.
There is saying in Tibetan, Tragedy should be utilized as source of strength. No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.
An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.
Today is new beginning, chance to turn your failures into achievements your sorrows into so goods. No room for excuses.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
We acquire the strength we have overcome.
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
There is power in people who dream big and who try hard.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build door.
woman is like tea bag you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Insomnia is vertiginous lucidity that can convert paradise itself into place of torture.
The best cure for insomnia is to get lot of sleep.
In its early stages, insomnia is almost an oasis in which those who have to think or suffer darkly take refuge.
Insomnia is gross feeder. It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking, including thinking about not thinking.
The night is the hardest time to be alive and 4am knows all my secrets.
The last refuge of the insomniac is sense of superiority to the sleeping world.
Sleep is such luxury, which cant afford.
It is special kind of homelessness to be evicted from your dreams.
Insomnia contagious disease often transmitted from babies to parents.
If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
It is common experience that problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
ruffled mind makes restless pillow.
Insomnia is my greatest inspiration.
Insomnia is an indication, not chaos. Its like ache. Youre not going to provide patient ache medicine without figuring out whats reasoning the pain.
Not being able to sleep is terrible. You have the misery of having partied all night Without the satisfaction.
Sleeplessness is desert without vegetation or inhabitants.
little insomnia is not without its value in making us appreciate sleep, in throwing ray of light upon that darkness.
When you have insomnia, you're never really asleep, and you're never really awake.
The worst thing in the world is to try to sleep and not to.
Sleep deprivation is physically miserable and creatively cathartic, as internal landscapes rise up from their dormant ashes.
The pattern of insomnia in children reflects difficulty in getting to sleep, whereas with adults it's problem staying asleep.
The scary thing about having insomnia is not the hours lost for sleeping but the re run of thoughts you've been trying to forget.
Insomnia is an increasing problem. Ive become swayed that sleep disorders are conceivably the most unnoticed, ignored, underrated reason of health as well as performance problems in the place of work.
It appears that every mans insomnia is as different from his neighbours as are their daytime hopes and aspirations.
That's the advantage of insomnia. People who go to be early always complain that the night is too short, but for those of us who stay up all night, it can feel as long as lifetime. You get lot done.
His insomnia was so bad, he couldn't sleep during office hours.
want to sleep but my brain won't stop talking to itself.
Sometimes sit up late with my thoughts, reluctant to fall asleep and leave my thoughts alone by themselves.
hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day, because that means it's going to be up all night.
Physical activity within four hours of bedtime and illness can also cause this type of insomnia.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
person is not given integrity. It results from the relentless pursuit of honesty at all times.
Nothing more completely baffles one who is full of tricks and duplicity than straight forward and simple integrity in another.
Integrity is not something that you should have to think about. nor consider doing. but something in the heart that is already done.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
You have the right to remain silent, but you can never repeat, never lie or shade the truth.
You are already of consequence in the world if you are known as man of strict integrity.
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right, decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
Men acquire particular quality by constantly acting in particular way.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test man's character, give him power.
He is not wise to me who is wise in words only, but he who is wise in deeds.
Power is actualized only when word and deed have not parted company.
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them.
The true perfection of man lies not in what man has, but in what man is.
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Perhaps the surest test of an individual's integrity is his refusal to do or say anything that would damage his self respect.
Your reputation and integrity are everything. Follow through on what you say you're going to do. Your credibility can only be built over time, and it is built from the history of your words and actions.
Character is what you are in the dark.
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice.
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions.
Once you get rid of integrity the rest is piece of cake.
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is to get by and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught.
In silence man can most readily preserve his integrity.
Integrity is not 90 percent thing, not 95 percent thing either you have it or you don't.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
The slow man with integrity will ultimately catch the swift one who has none.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
The slow man with integrity will ultimately catch the swift one who has none.
If you believe in unlimited quality and act in all your business dealings with total integrity, the rest will take care of itself.
Integrity is what we do, what we say, and what we say we do.
If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it.
life lived with integrity even if it lacks the trappings of fame and fortune is shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come.
Integrity is not conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see man who won't cheat, then you know he never will.
Integrity is the first step to true greatness.
man should be upright, not be kept upright.
In great matters men show themselves as they wish to be seen in small matters, as they are.
Integrity has no need of rules.
Integrity is not something that you should have to think about. nor consider doing. but something in the heart that is already done.
There is always room for those who can be relied upon to delivery the goods when they say they will.
There is no better test of man's integrity than his behavior when he is wrong.
People who fight fire with fire end up with only the ashes of their own integrity.
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
The only correct actions are those that demand no explanation and no apology.
Courage combined with integrity is the foundation of character.
That you may retain your self respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.
Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your own experience or convictions.
Jealousy in romance is like salt in food. little can enhance the savor, but too much can spoil the pleasure and, under certain circumstances, can be life threatening.
Jealousy is disease, love is healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy in fact, they are almost incompatible one emotion hardly leaves room for the other.
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
You can only be jealous of someone who has something you think you ought to have yourself.
What sort of love is permeated by jealousy You are jealous because you are unaware that everything you need is inside you.
The jealous are troublesome to others, but torment to themselves.
I've spent most of my life walking under that hovering cloud, jealousy, whose acid raindrops blurred my vision and burned holes in my heart. Once learned to use the umbrella of confidence, the skies cleared up for me and the sunshine called joy became my faithful companion.
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.
To cure jealousy is to see it for what it is, dissatisfaction with self.
Love sees sharply, hatred sees even more sharp, but Jealousy sees the sharpest for it is love and hate at the same time.
Never waste jealousy on real man it is the imaginary man that supplants us all in the long run.
Jealousy is simply and clearly the fear that you do not have value. Jealousy scans for evidence to prove the point that others will be preferred and rewarded more than you. There is only one alternative self value. If you cannot love yourself, you will not believe that you are loved. You will always think it's mistake or luck. Take your eyes off others and turn the scanner within. Find the seeds of your jealousy, clear the old voices and experiences. Put all the energy into building your personal and emotional security. Then you will be the one others envy, and you can remember the pain and reach out to them.
Jealousy is never satisfied with anything short of an omniscience that would detect the subtlest fold of the heart.
Jealousy is that pain which man feels from the apprehension that he is not equally beloved by the person whom he entirely loves.
Jealousy would be far less torturous if we understood that love is passion entirely unrelated to our merits.
Jealousy is not barometer by which the depth of love can be read, it merely records the degree of the lover's insecurity.
Jealousy is one of the wickedest of all the passions. It is that which has been the most fruitful mother of tragedies, murders, and wars. But reprehensible though it is, jealousy is almost rather to be pitied than blamed its first victims are those who harbour the feeling.
Jealousy is indeed poor medium to secure love, but it is secure medium to destroy one's self respect. For jealous people, like dope fiends, stoop to the lowest level and in the end inspire only disgust and loathing.
Jealousy lives upon doubts. It becomes madness or ceases entirely as soon as we pass from doubt to certainty.
Jealousy is kind of civil war in the soul, where judgment and imagination are at perpetual jars. This civil dissension in the mind, like that of the body politic, commits great disorders, and lays all waste. Nothing stands safe in its way Nature, interest, religion, must yield to its fury. It violates contracts, dissolves society, breaks wedlock, betrays friends and neighbours. No body is good, and every one is either doing or designing them mischief. It has venom that more or less rankles wherever it bites And as it reports fancies or facts, so it disturbs its own house as often as other folks.
Surrounded by the flames of jealousy, the jealous one winds up, like the scorpion, turning the poisoned sting against himself.
Envy. since it lodgement is in the heart, not the brain, no degree of intellect supplies guarantee against it.
man will do many things to get himself loved. He will do all things to get himself envied.
Oh How bitter thing it is to look into happiness through another man eyes.
competent and self confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably symptom of neurotic insecurity.
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.
The jealous are possessed by mad devil and dull spirit at the same time.
To jealousy, nothing is more frightful than laughter.
jealousy thou magnifier of trifles.
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.
Comparison is very foolish attitude, because each person is unique and incomparable. Once this understanding settles in you, jealousy disappears.
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.
Love may be blind but jealousy has 20 20 vision.
refused to believe that love could take any other form than mine measured love by the extent of my jealousy, and by that standard of course she could not love me at all.
Injustice anywhere is threat to justice everywhere.
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.
The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is duty of the living to do so for them.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be time when we fail to protest.
Social justice cannot be attained by violence. Violence kills what it intends to create.
Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are.
We are not to simply bandage the wounds of victims beneath the wheels of injustice, we are to drive spoke into the wheel itself.
If one really wishes to know how justice is administered in country, one does not question the policemen, the lawyers, the judges, or the protected members of the middle class. One goes to the unprotected those, precisely, who need the law's protection most and listens to their testimony.
Men often mistake killing and revenge for justice. They seldom have the stomach for justice.
Justice You get justice in the next world. In this one you have the law.
Courage is of no value unless accompanied by justice yet if all men became just, there would be no need for courage.
Justice requires that to lawfully constituted Authority there be given that respect and obedience which is its due that the laws which are made shall be in wise conformity with the common good and that, as matter of conscience all men shall render obedience to these laws.
Laws catch flies but let hornets go free.
Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due.
Justice consists not in being neutral between right and wrong, but in finding out the right and upholding it, wherever found, against the wrong.
Little thieves are hanged but great ones escape.
Justice is conscience, not personal conscience but the conscience of the whole of humanity.
Equal justice under law is not merely caption on the facade of the Supreme Court building, it is perhaps the most inspiring ideal of our society. It is one of the ends for which our entire legal system exists. it is fundamental that justice should be the same, in substance and availability, without regard to economic status.
If we do not maintain justice, justice will not maintain us.
The failure to invest in civil justice is directly related to the increase in criminal disorder. The more people feel there is injustice the more it becomes part of their psyche.
Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted, the indifference of those who should have known better, the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most, that has made it possible for evil to triumph.
Justice is the means by which established injustices are sanctioned.
This thing that men call justice, this blind snake that strikes men down in the dark, mindless with fury, keep your hand back from it, pass by in silence.
The just man is not the product of day, but of long brooding and painful birth. To become power for peace, man must first pass through experiences which lead him to see things in their different aspects it is necessary that he have wide horizon, and breathe various atmospheres in word, from crossing, one after another, paths and points of view the most diverse, and sometimes the most contradictory, he must acquire the faculty of putting himself in the place of others and appreciating them.
The need for justice grows out of the conflict of human interests. That is to say, if there were no conflict of interests among mankind we should never have invented the word justice, nor conceived the idea for which it stands.
Justice is always violent to the party offending, for every man is innocent in his own eyes.
Justice is the tolerable accommodation of the conflicting interests of society, and don't believe there is any royal road to attain such accommodation concretely.
The whole history of the world is summed up in the fact that, when nations are strong, they are not always just, and when they wish to be just, they are no longer strong.
Injustice is relatively easy to bear it is justice that hurts.
Justice should remove the bandage from her eyes long enough to distinguish between the vicious and the unfortunate.
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.
Peace is not the absence of war but the presence of justice.
Where there are too many policemen, there is no liberty. Where there are too many soldiers, there is no peace. Where there are too many lawyers, there is no justice.
The administration of justice is the firmest pillar of government.
Law in origin was merely codification of the power of dominant groups, and did not aim at anything that to modern man would appear to be justice.
The best safeguard against fascism is to establish social justice to the maximum extent possible.
Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in courtroom Justice is what comes out of courtroom.
In the halls of justice, the only justice is in the halls.
You know, the courts may not be working any more, but as long as everyone is videotaping everyone else, justice will be done.
Justice is incidental to law and order.
sense of justice is noble fancy.
The foundation of justice is good faith.
The love of justice is, in most men, nothing more than the fear of suffering injustice.
Extreme justice is often injustice.
The deceitful have no friends.
Justice is contract of expediency, entered upon to prevent men harming or being harmed.
rule isn't unfair if it applies to everyone.
The end doesn't justify the means.
Contrary to popular misconception, karma has nothing to do with punishment and reward. It exists as part of our holographic universe's binary or dualistic operating system only to teach us responsibility for our creations and all things we experience are our creations.
Karma moves in two directions. If we act virtuously, the seed we plant will result in happiness. If we act non virtuously, suffering results.
As she has planted, so does she harvest such is the field of karma.
Karma is justice. It does not reward or punish. It shows no favoritism because we all have to earn all that we receive. Karma doesn predestine anything. We create our own causes and Karma adjusts the effects with perfect balance.
People pay for what they do, and still more, for what they have allowed themselves to become. And they pay for it simply by the lives they lead.
If karma doesn't catch up, God will surely pick up the slack.
For the innocent, the past may hold reward. But for the treacherous, it's only matter of time before the past delivers what they truly deserve.
believe in Karma. If the good is sown, the good is collected. When positive things are made, that returns well.
Still others commit all sorts of evil deeds, claiming karma doesn't exist. They erroneously maintain that since everything is empty, committing evil isn't wrong. Such persons fall into hell of endless darkness with no hope of release. Those who are wise hold no such conception.
As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of.
never kill insects. If see ants or spiders in the room, pick them up and take them outside. Karma is everything.
How people treat you is their karma how you react is yours.
Men are not punished for their sins, but by them.
Sin makes its own hell, and goodness its own heaven.
Karma comes after everyone eventually. You can't get away with screwing people over your whole life, don't care who you are. What goes around comes around. That's how it works. Sooner or later the universe will serve you the revenge that you deserve.
Each individual is solely responsible for his or her own actions, and every action will produce reaction equal in every way to the suit of the action.
Each individual is solely responsible for his or her own actions, and every action will produce reaction equal in every way to the suit of the action.
There's natural law of karma that vindictive people, who go out of their way to hurt others, will end up broke and alone.
try to live with the idea that karma is very real thing. So put out what want to get back.
Learn to see. Realize that everything connects to everything else.
If you're really mean person you're going to come back as fly and eat poop.
Don't waste time on revenge. The people who hurt you will eventually face their own karma.
If you give good thing to the world, then over time your karma will be good, and you'll receive good.
Ancestral karma is not something that is permanently ingrained with conscientious effort it can be modified and healed. It only requires you to be proactive and intentional in your efforts to heal.
Karma bides it's time. You will always have to watch out. Karma is unforgiving and always gets payback.
You cannot do harm to someone because someone has done harm to you. You will pay just like they will.
No need for revenge. Just sit back and wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves and if you're lucky, God will let you watch.
Every action has equal and opposite reaction. This is law of the universe and spares none. Wrong done and injustice inflicted is paid back in the same coin. No one has escaped justice of the universe. It is only matter of time.
Nobody deserves misery but sometimes it's just your turn.
Karma is when you throw banana in Mario Kart and you end up slipping on it.
Most times, how you treat your children is how they grow up to treat you.
Don't envy those who make their wealth in an ungodly way. The wicked seem to prosper now and live without care but they will spend their eternity in terror and despair.
Whatever you give to life, it gives you back. Do not hate anybody. The hatred which comes out from you will someday come back to you. Love others. And love will comeback to you.
Karma has surprising way of taking care of situations. All you have to do is to sit back and watch.
Karma is like boomerang, whatever you give out. will come back to you.
The ones you judge today, may be the judgments you endure tomorrow.
Remember the unkindness, dishonesty, and deception you display toward others. dont be shocked when it comes back to bite you.
Every act done, no matter how insignificant, will eventually return to the doer with equal impact. Good will be returned with good evil with evil.
Nature runs restuarant called Karma. It's place where there is no need to place any order. You are autimatically served what you deserve.
Karma is not just about the troubles, but also about surmounting them.
I'm true believer in karma. You get what you give wheter it's bad or good.
Karma is the universe's way of letting you know that you just thought you got away with it.
My actions are my only true belongings. cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which stand.
Forgive the person and their actions, never give in to hate. Let it go, set it free, and karma will take care of what is meant to be.
Someone should have mentioned to him that karma was venomous witch.
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.
If justice is denied, let the law of karma take the ride. Nothing in this world is done without price.
Karma has no problem getting back in touch with you when need be.
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, wanna be there just in case it needs help.
Karma, simply put, is an action for an action, good or bad.
You are free to choose, but you are not free from the consequence of your choice.
Revenge will never solve anything, karma will.
What goes around comes back around.
Do good and good will follow you.
Great Karma additionally interprets into great well being. At the point when an individual has cheerful and delighted viewpoint in life, this will just add to the wellbeing of his or her wellbeing condition.
The results of karma, whether good or bad, may not manifest right away. In may happen in the same lifetime or in future life. We may even receive both positive and negative reactions at the same time.
Karma is intertwined in the fabric of our life, and training ourselves to be aware of this can transform how we live. We become more mindful and thoughtful, making choices with care, understanding that our past actions, present experiences, and future circumstances originate in our minds.
Wise men learn by others harms fools by their own.
day of travelling will bring basketful of learning.
Brains are better than brawn.
Everyone is ignorant only on different subjects.
Instead of seeking new landscapes, develop new eyes.
Knowledge is more than equivalent to force.
Learning is better than house and land.
People learn more on their own rather than being force fed.
Presumption first blinds man, then sets him running.
The shoe knows if the stocking has hole.
What signifies knowing the names, if you know not the natures of things.
When the pupil is ready, the teacher will come.
Wit is the only wall between us and the dark.
With time even bear can learn to dance.
Distance lends enchantment to the view.
Doubt is the key to knowledge.
Example is the best precept.
It is better to be born beggar than fool.
It is better to be the head of chicken than the rear of an ox.
Knowledge is power.
Mistakes are doorways to discovery.
Put two and two together.
What good is running when you're on the wrong road.
When you're sad, learn something,.
An army of thousand is easy to find, but, ah, how difficult to find general.
Even the largest army is nothing without good general.
He that cannot obey, cannot command.
He who rules must fully humor as much as he commands.
The good will of the governed will be starved if not fed by the good deeds of the governors.
The higher the monkey climbs, the more he shows his tail.
The master of the people is their servant.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are leader.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
No man will make great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it.
man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
man can only lead when others accept him as their leader, and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him. All of the brilliant ideas in the world cannot save your kingdom if no one will listen to them.
Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise.
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
gentle hand may lead even an elephant by hair.
great one must have long heart.
ruler must sometimes humor as well as command.
Great chiefs prove their worthiness.
If the townspeople are happy, look to the chief.
If you can't serve, you can't rule.
In the country of the blind, the one eyed man is king.
When we think we lead, we are most led.
To handle yourself, use your head to handle others, use your heart.
Never give an order that can't be obeyed.
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head. That's assault, not leadership.
To lead people, walk behind them.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Be yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
The quality of leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
It's hard to lead cavalry charge if you think you look funny on horse.
He who cannot be good follower cannot be good leader.
If you would convince man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave trail.
The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. masterly retreat is in itself victory.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to one another.
Don't find fault, find remedy.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Learn to see things backwards, inside out, and upside down.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
man who asks is fool for five minutes. man who never asks is fool for life.
moment's insight is sometimes worth life's experience.
Tell me and forget. Teach me and remember. Involve me and learn.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
He who learns but does not think, is lost He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
am always ready to learn although do not always like being taught.
There is no end to education. It is not that you read book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is process of learning.
You can teach student lesson for day but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives.
am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self importance, learn so easily.
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.
never learned from man who agreed with me.
The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn.
Developing desire to learn is the kindling point of all classroom achievement.
Expecting all children the same age to learn from the same materials is like expecting all children the same age to wear the same size clothing.
If learning is an act of exploration, then technology equips the explorer for the journey of lifetime.
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between time for learning and time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.
Teenagers learn best by doing things, they learn best in teams and they learn best by doing things for real all the opposite of what mainstream schooling actually does.
Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Never let formal education get in the way of your learning.
If man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it away from him. An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
In time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in world that no longer exists.
That's what learning is. You suddenly understand something you understood all your life, but in new way.
We now accept the fact that learning is lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
We learn more by looking for the answer to question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
Only the curious will learn and only the resolute overcome the obstacles to learning. The quest quotient has always excited me more than the intelligence quotient.
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, Loses the past and is dead for the future.
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
Learning is not compulsory. neither is survival.
What is important is to keep learning, to enjoy challenge, and to tolerate ambiguity. In the end there are no certain answers.
Shall tell you secret of true scholar It is this every man meet is my master in some point and in that learn from him.
Don't let your learning lead to knowledge. Let your learning lead to action.
If you hold cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can there will always come time when you will be grateful you did.
never teach my pupils only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
Being ignorant is not so much shame, as being unwilling to learn.
To teach man how he may learn to grow independently, and for himself, is perhaps the greatest service that one man can do another.
Children want to learn to the degree that they are unable to distinguish learning from fun. They keep this attitude until we adults convince them that learning is not fun.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
The greatest enemy of learning is knowing.
All learning has an emotional base.
Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Never mistake single mistake with final mistake.
little learning is dangerous thing.
penny for your thoughts.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize we only have one.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
When one door closes, another opens but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Life is not always matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing poor hand well.
Life is made up of moments, small pieces of glittering mica in long stretch of gray cement. It would be wonderful if they came to us unsummoned, but particularly in lives as busy as the ones most of us lead now, that won happen. We have to teach ourselves how to make room for them, to love them, and to live, really live.
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Life is all memory except for the one present moment that goes by so quick you can hardly catch it going.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Life is like walking through Paradise with peas in your shoes.
Life is spell so exquisite that everything conspires to break it.
The only thing regret about my life is the length of it. If had to live my life again make all the same mistakes only sooner.
If is success in life, then equals plus plus Work is is play and is keeping your mouth shut.
Life is gamble at terrible odds if it was bet, you wouldn take it.
We are not unhappy today because of the complexities of life. We are unhappy because we miss its underlying simplicities.
Get life in which you notice the smell of salt water pushing itself on breeze over the dunes, life in which you stop and watch how red tailed hawk circles over pond and stand of pines.
Life is way wilder than am comfortable with, way farther out, as we used to say, more magnificent, more deserving of awe and, would add, more benevolent well meaning, kindly.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it's all that matters.
Mellow doesn't always make for good story, but it makes for good life.
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
There comes time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
Life is progress, and not station.
People have different reasons for the way they live their lives. You cannot put everyone's reasons in the same box.
Life is 10 what happens to us and 90 how we react to it.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
It is not the length of life, but depth of life.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
It's not about how hard you can hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Nothing in life is to be feared it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot but make it hot by striking.
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.
In youth we learn, in age we understand.
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
Never to do anything which should be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.
The game of life is not so much in holding good hand as playing poor hand well.
Most important thing in life is learning how to fall.
Life is game. Money is how we keep score.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this Decide what you want.
Strive not to be success, but rather to be of value.
Life is something to do when you can get to sleep.
Brought up in the provinces in the forties and fifties one learned early the valuable lesson that life is generally something that happens elsewhere.
No man ever said on his deathbed wish had spent more time in the office.
Much of what life hands us comes without prelude of fear and worry. Our fears don stop death, they stop life.
The understanding gained in examining life itself comes to permeate that life and direct its course. To live an examined life is to make self portrait.
To pay attention and to mostly accept your life, inside and out and around your body, is to be halfway home.
life without cause is life without effect.
In this life, when you deny someone an apology, you will remember it at time you beg forgiveness.
Life is not problem to be solved, but reality to be experienced.
Short cuts make long delays.
Mistakes are part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn.
Don't let anyone ever make you feel like you don't deserve what you want.
To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, to draw closer, to find each other and to feel. That is the purpose of life.
We make living by what we get. We make life by what we give.
In three words can sum up everything I've learned about life it goes on.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for full life.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
At times you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you ll discover will be wonderful. What you ll discover is yourself.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you Not much.
Experience is hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by every moment that takes your breath away.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
But one of the big lessons have learned from my journey is you can't please everyone, so don't try.
You can't wait around for something to become good, it either is, or isn't.
am not someone who is ashamed of my past. I'm actually really proud. know made lot of mistakes, but they, in turn, were my life lessons.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
great attitude becomes great day which becomes great month which becomes great year which becomes great life.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
We are who we choose to be.
After while, you learn to ignore the names people call you and just trust who you are.
made resolve then that was going to amount to something if could. And no hours, nor amount of labor, nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me. And have done that ever since, and win by it. know.
didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.
can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But cannot accept not trying.
In every success story, you will find someone who has made courageous decision.
If there are things you don't like in the world you grew up in, make your own life different.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Whenever you want to achieve something, keep your eyes open, concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want. No one can hit their target with their eyes closed.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
What to do with mistake recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it.
Believe in yourself. Have faith in your abilities. Without humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
Protect your spirit from contamination limit your time with negative people.
Remember that failure is an event, not person.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.
Nothing fails like success.
My advice to myself and to everyone else, particularly young people, is to turn on, tune in and drop out.
There is only one principle that can be defended under all circumstances and in all stages of human development. It is the principle anything goes.
Does this path have heart If it does, the path is good if it doesn it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere, but one has heart, the other doesn One makes for joyful journey as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life.
He who knows does not speak. He who speaks does not know.
To win without fighting is best.
You cannot step into the same river twice.
The path up and down is one and the same.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Who watches the watchmen.
Life is long if you know how to live it.
If you insist on being determined by the past, that your game, but the fact of the matter is it all starts right now.
Life is perhaps most wisely regarded as bad dream between two awakenings, and every day is life in miniature.
Art and religion first then philosophy lastly science. That is the order of the great subjects of life, that their importance.
The human crowd has been the lesson of my life. can come to it with the born timidity of the poet, with the fear of the timid, but once am in its midst, feel transfigured. am part of the essential majority, am one more leaf on the great human tree.
As we work to create light for others, we naturally light our own way.
What is to give light must endure the burning.
Light itself is great corrective. thousand wrongs and abuses that are grown in darkness disappear, like owls and bats, before the light of day.
Light is to darkness what love is to fear in the presence of one the other disappears.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
He whose face gives no light, shall never become star.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Your path is illuminated by the light Yet darkness lets the stars shine bright.
man should learn to detect and watch that gleam of light which flashes across his mind from within.
Travel light, live light, spread the light, be the light.
Light must come from inside. You cannot ask the darkness to leave you must turn on the light.
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary.
His high endeavors are an inward light That makes the path before him always bright.
When you possess light within, you see it externally.
There are two ways of spreading light to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining they just shine.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
If there is light in the soul, There will be beauty in the person. If there is beauty in the person, There will be harmony in the house. If there is harmony in the house, There will be order in the nation. If there is order in the nation, There will be peace in the world.
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness.
We are indeed the light of the world but only if our switch is turned on.
It's not necessary to blow out your neighbor's light to let your own shine.
There are two kinds of light the glow that illumines, and the glare that obscures.
Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you.
Give light and people will find the way.
Light is the symbol of truth.
The light shines in the darkness and the darkness comprehended it not.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming train.
To light candle is to cast shadow.
You can't have light without dark to stick it in.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is power failure.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
On the death of friend, we should consider that the fates through confidence have devolved on us the task of double living, that we have henceforth to fulfill the promise of our friend's life also, in our own, to the world.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Death leaves heartache no one can heal, love leaves memory no one can steal.
Closed eyes, heart not beating, but living love.
pray to God to remove my enemies from my life, and before know it started losing friends. Am just saying no one to be trusted.
Friendship is delicate as glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks.
friendship that can cease has never been real.
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing friend, by what name do we call him Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.
Sometimes we lose friends for whose loss our regret is greater than our grief, and others for whom our grief is greater than our regret.
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
When one has lost friend one's eyes should be neither dry nor streaming. Tears, yes, there should be, but not lamentation.
We all lose friends. we lose them in death, to distance and over time. But even though they may be lost, hope is not. The key is to keep them in your heart, and when the time is right, you can pick up the friendship right where you left off. Even the lost find their way home when you leave the light on.
The death of friend is equivalent to the loss of limb.
Lovers have right to betray you friends don't.
Good God How often are we to die before we go quite off this stage In every friend we lose part of ourselves, and the best part.
have learned that no matter how good friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in while and you must forgive them for that.
If two friends ask you to judge dispute, do not accept, as you may lose friend.
Everyone leaves footprints in your memory, but the ones that leave footprints in your heart are the ones you will truly remember.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Make as many friends as you can, but don't build your life on them alone. It's an unstable foundation.
Fare thee well and if for ever Still for ever, fare thee well.
special friend is hard to find, hard to lose and impossible to forget.
I'm losing friends cause people are catching feelings I'm not catching.
Due to success started losing friends.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Absence is to love as wind is to fire it extinguishes the small and enkindles the great.
One who marries for love alone will have bad days but good nights.
Love is force more formidable than any other. It is invisible it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Love is composed of single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love is fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Love wildly misunderstood although highly desirable malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain, causes eyes to sparkle, cheeks to glow, blood pressure to rise and the lips to pucker.
Love is canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen nor even touched, but just felt in the heart.
Love is fabric which never fades, no matter how often it is washed in the water of adversity and grief.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
Love is to love someone for who they are, who they were, and who they will be.
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that's everything.
Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, tender look which becomes habit.
Love is something eternal the aspect may change, but not the essence.
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Love is fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate he who loves finds the gates open.
Love is often the fruit of marriage.
Love isn't love until you give it away.
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
Love me, love my dog.
Not all who make love, make marriages.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
Love is great beautifier.
If thing loves, it is infinite.
Love is quite simply natural high.
We are most alive when we're in love.
Love is like war easy to begin but very hard to stop.
There is only one happiness in life to love and to be loved.
You can't buy love.
Where there is love there is life.
Even when love isn't enough, somehow it is.
Parting is such sweet sorrow that shall say goodnight till it be morrow.
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
Loyalty means nothing unless it has at its heart the absolute principle of self sacrifice.
Total loyalty is possible only when fidelity is emptied of all concrete content, from which changes of mind might naturally arise.
Loyalty is still the same, whether it win or lose the game true as dial to the sun, although it be not shined upon.
Loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this state, stimulates me. But once decision is made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.
If put to the pinch, an ounce of loyalty is worth pound of cleverness.
Loyalty isn't grey. It's black and white. You're either loyal completely, or not loyal at all.
Loyalty cannot be blueprinted. It cannot be produced on an assembly line. In fact, it cannot be manufactured at all, for its origin is the human heart the center of self respect and human dignity. It is force which leaps into being only when conditions are exactly right for it and it is force very sensitive to betrayal.
You cannot buy loyalty you cannot buy the devotion of hearts, minds, and souls. You have to earn these things.
The only people owe my loyalty to are those who never made me question theirs.
If loyalty is, and always has been, perceived as obsolete, why do we continue to praise it Because loyalty is essential to the most basic things that make life livable. Without loyalty there can be no love. Without loyalty there can be no family. Without loyalty there can be no friendship. Without loyalty there can be no commitment to community or country. And without those things, there can be no society.
Don't let your loyalty become slavery. If they don't appreciate what you bring to the table, let them eat alone.
Our modern, rootless times do seem to be particularly inhospitable environment for loyalty. We come and go so relentlessly that our friendships can't but come and go too. What sort of loyalty is there in the age of Facebook, when friendship is costless transaction, business of flip reciprocity. Friendship held together by nothing more permanent than hyperlinks is hardly the stuff of selfless fidelity.
Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke chain or freed human soul.
The highest spiritual quality, the noblest property of mind man can have, is this of loyalty man with no loyalty in him, with no sense of love or reverence or devotion due to something outside and above his poor daily life, with its pains and pleasures, profits and losses, is as evil case as man can be.
I'll take fifty percent efficiency to get one hundred percent loyalty.
Loyalty is fine quality, but in excess it fills political graveyards.
Loyalty to the country always. Loyalty to the government when it deserves it.
Unlike the puerile loyalty to conviction, loyalty to friend is virtue perhaps the only virtue, the last remaining one.
Loyalty to an unjust cause is perversion of honor.
Loyalty publicly results in leverage privately.
Loyal companions are an unequaled grace, stanching fear before it bleeds you numb, reliable antidote for creeping despair.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
Loyalty is characteristic trait. Those who have it, give it free of charge.
Loyalty to the family must be merged into loyalty to the community, loyalty to the community into loyalty to the nation, and loyalty to the nation into loyalty to mankind. The citizen of the future must be citizen of the world.
Those who don't know the value of loyalty can never appreciate the cost of betrayal.
Confidentiality is virtue of the loyal, as loyalty is the virtue of faithfulness.
Within the hearts of men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
An intelligent and conscientious opposition is part of loyalty to country.
Loyalty is what makes us trust, Trust is what makes us stay, Staying is what makes us love, and love is what gives us hope.
No more important duty can be urged upon those who are entering the great theater of life than simple loyalty to their best convictions.
Loyalty is something you give regardless of what you get back, and in giving loyalty, you're getting more loyalty and out of loyalty flow other great qualities.
Loyalty is realization that America was born of revolt, flourished in dissent, became great through experimentation.
We are all in the same boat, in stormy sea, and we owe each other terrible loyalty.
The greater the loyalty of group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.
If man asks me for my loyalty. will give him my honesty. If man asks me for my honesty. will give him my loyalty.
We must not confuse dissent with disloyalty. When the loyal opposition dies, think the soul of America dies with it.
Be loyal and trustworthy. Do not befriend anyone who is lower than yourself in this regard.
You don't earn loyalty in day. You earn loyalty day by day.
Unless you can find some sort of loyalty, you cannot find unity and peace in your active living.
Loyalty will, decision, resolution of the soul.
have loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's deal, that's commitment. Don't give me paper can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.
Be loyal to those who are not present. In doing so, you build the trust of those who are present.
woman's loyalty is tested when her man has nothing. man's loyalty is tested when he has everything.
Loyalty means am down with you whether you are wrong or right, but will tell you when you are wrong and help you get it right.
Loyalty is the highest virtue taught by abusers, and used as control tool.
Fidelity purchased with money, money can destroy.
It is better to be faithful than famous.
The scholar does not consider gold and jade to be precious treasures, but loyalty and good faith.
Where there is loyalty, weapons are of no use.
Manipulation, fueled with good intent, can be blessing. But when used wickedly, it is the beginning of magician's karmic calamity.
The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words.
One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success.
Everybody has the ability to be manipulative, to be hateful and deceitful.
Are you trying to manipulate me It's working.
If you want to know the outcome of game before the game has even started, you need to control each side.
The best way to manipulate man is to make him think he is manipulating you.
Manipulation can give you anything in life you want, if you can afford it.
Men are used as they use others.
The measure of man is what he does with power.
One man with gun can control 100 without one.
Manipulating people is what's so fun about poker. love that you can just look into someone's eyes and lie and it's perfectly acceptable.
Foreknowledge of the future makes it possible to manipulate both enemies and supporters.
If you don't give education to people, it is easy to manipulate them.
It's so easy to manipulate an audience, but it's nearly always clear that you are being manipulated. think even people that are not critically attuned are aware of cynical manipulation in film.
All writing is form of manipulation, of course, but you realize that plain sentence can actually do so much.
One must change one's tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain one's superiority.
Any kind of manipulation with human embryos should be prohibited.
As have said thousand times, no manipulation can put stocks down and keep them down.
Whoever controls the money controls you.
It's amazing how much manipulation is going on in parasites.
One should be able to control and manipulate experiences with an informed and intelligent mind.
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.
When it comes to controlling human beings, there is no better instrument than lies. Because you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated. The power to manipulate beliefs is the only thing that counts.
When you know what man wants you know who he is, and how to move him.
mother who radiates self love and self acceptance actually vaccinates her daughter against low self esteem.
daughter is mother's gender partner, her closest ally in the family confederacy, an extension of her self. And mothers are their daughters role model, their biological and emotional road map, the arbiter of all their relationships.
As mothers and daughters, we are connected with one another. My mother is the bones of my spine, keeping me straight and true. She is my blood, making sure it runs rich and strong. She is the beating of my heart. cannot now imagine life without her.
Of all the haunting moments of motherhood, few rank with hearing your own words come out of your daughter's mouth.
The more daughter knows the details of her mother's life without flinching or whining the stronger the daughter.
Mothers of daughters are daughters of mothers and have remained so, in circles joined to circles, since time began.
mother's treasure is her daughter.
We mothers are learning to mark our mothering success by our daughters lengthening flight.
busy mother makes slothful daughters.
daughter without her mother is woman broken. It is loss that turns to arthritis and settles deep into her bones.
Mothers, look after your daughters, keep them near you, keep their confidence that they may be true and faithful.
am not perfect mother and will never be. You are not perfect daughter and you will never be. But put us together and we will be the best mother and daughter we would ever be.
Suddenly, through birthing daughter, woman finds herself face to face not only with an infant, little girl, woman to be, but also with her own unresolved conflicts from the past and her hopes and dreams for the future. As though experiencing an earthquake, mothers of daughters may find their lives shifted, their deep feelings unearthed, the balance struck in all relationships once again off kilter.
fluent tongue is the only thing mother don't like her daughter to resemble her in.
The mother is only really the mistress of her daughter upon the condition of continually representing herself to her as model of wisdom and type of perfection.
Because mothers and daughters can affirm and enjoy their commonalities more readily, they are more likely to see how they might advance their individual interests in tandem, without one having to be sacrificed for the other.
Unlike the mother son relationship, daughter's relationship with her mother is something akin to bungee diving. She can stake he claim in the outside world in what looks like total autonomy in some cases, even divorce her mother in fiery exit from the family but there is an invisible emotional cord that snaps her back. For always there is the memory of mother, whose judgments are so completely absorbed into the daughter's identity that she may wonder where Mom leaves off and she begins.
What do girls do who haven't any mothers to help them through their troubles.
Mothers and daughters are closest, when daughters become mothers.
son is son till he takes him wife, daughter is daughter all of her life.
The mother daughter relationship is the most complex.
Of course mothers and daughters with strong personalities might see the world from very different points of view.
Good daughters make good mothers.
As is the mother, so is her daughter.
What the daughter does, the mother did.
Mothers sound so stupid when they praise their daughters to the skies.
Like mother, like daughter.
He that would the daughter win must with the mother first begin.
When mother quarrels with daughter, she has double dose of unhappiness hers from the conflict, and empathy with her daughter's from the conflict with her. Throughout her life mother retains this special need to maintain good relationship with her daughter.
man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
There has never been, nor will there ever be, anything quite so special as the love between the mother and son.
There is an endearing tenderness in the love of mother to son that transcends all other affections of the heart.
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
Every mother hopes that her daughter will marry better man than she did, and is convinced that her son will never find wife as good as his father did.
For mother the project of raising boy is the most fulfilling project she can hope for. She can watch him, as child, play the games she was not allowed to play she can invest in him her ideas, aspirations, ambitions, and values or whatever she has left of them she can watch her son, who came from her flesh and whose life was sustained by her work and devotion, embody her in the world. So while the project of raising boy is fraught with ambivalence and leads inevitably to bitterness, it is the only project that allows woman to be to be through her son, to live through her son.
Even more than the time when she gave birth, mother feels her greatest joy when she hears others refer to her son as wise learned one.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
Sons are the anchors of mother's life.
If man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.
Mother is her son's first god she must teach him the most important lesson of all how to love.
As the mother of son, do not accept that alienation from me is necessary for his discovery of himself. As woman, will not cooperate in demeaning womanly things so that he can be proud to be man. like to think the women in my son's future are counting on me.
man never sees all that his mother has been to him until it's too late to let her know that he sees it.
mother love is patient and forgiving when all others are forsaking, it never fails or falters, even though the heart is breaking.
mother love for her child is like nothing else in the world. It knows no law, no pity, it dares all things, and crushes down remorselessly all that stands in its path.
To mother, son is never fully grown man and son is never fully grown man until he understands and accepts this about his mother.
The father is always Republican toward his son, and his mother's always Democrat.
good son will never allow sorrow to befall her mother. and act as if he is an only child that cares. protects when no one dares. serves with his life in return. and most of all finds wife that will love his mother too.
Mothers are inscrutable beings to their sons, always.
It takes one woman twenty years to make man of her son and another woman twenty minutes to make fool of him.
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in.
But mother son relationship is not coequal one, is it He is lonely with only you just as you are lonely with only him.
Raising boys has made me more generous woman than really am. Undoubtedly, there are other routes to learning the wishes and dreams of the presumably opposite sex, but know of none more direct, or more highly motivating, than being the mother of sons.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me son of bitch.
to many mother's heart has come the disappointment of loss of power, limitation of influence when early manhood takes the boy from the home, or when even before that time, in school, or where he touches the great world and begins to be bewildered with its controversies, trade and economics and politics make their imprint even while his lips are dewy with his mother's kiss.
When was child, my mother said to me, If you become soldier, you'll be general. If you become monk you'll end up as the pope. Instead became painter and wound up as Picasso.
wise son makes glad father, But foolish son is the grief of his mother. wise son makes father glad, But foolish man despises his mother.
Let France have good mothers, and she will have good sons.
Mothers see the angel in us because the angel is there. If it's shown to the mother, the son has got an angel to show, hasn't he When son cuts somebody's throat the mother only sees it's possible for misguided angel to act like devil and she's entirely right about that.
Having child makes you realize the importance of life narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, knew if never did anything other than being mom, I'd be fine.
boy's best friend is his mother.
boy needs his mother respect. Not only her love, but also her respect.
often scratch my head in bewilderment over the lack of understanding of mothers about their precious baby boys. They love their sons more than they love their very lives, but they readily confess ignorance and confusion.
dripping June sets all in tune.
short horse is soon curried.
Nature is the art of God.
No man fears what he has seen grow.
Of all the plants that cover the earth and lie like fringe of hair upon the body of our grandmother, try to obtain knowledge that you may be strengthened in life.
One step leads to another.
One swallow never makes summer.
The afternoon knows what the morning never expected.
The day has eyes the night has ears.
The early bird gets the worm, the second mouse gets the cheese.
The earth has music for those who listen.
The sap rises in the spring.
The shoemaker's children have no shoes.
When the wind is in the east, tis neither good for man nor beast.
You can drive out nature with pitchfork but she keeps on coming back.
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar love not Man the less, but Nature more.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Adopt the pace of nature her secret is patience.
love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop off like autumn leaves. As age comes on, one source of enjoyment after another is closed, but Nature's sources never fail.
believe that there is subtle magnetism in Nature, which, if we unconsciously yield to it, will direct us aright.
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
I've always regarded nature as the clothing of God.
If you truly love nature, you will find beauty everywhere.
Some of nature's most exquisite handiwork is on miniature scale, as anyone knows who has applied magnifying glass to snowflake.
The beauty of the natural world lies in the details.
There is new life in the soil for every man. There is healing in the trees for tired minds and for our overburdened spirits, there is strength in the hills, if only we will lift up our eyes. Remember that nature is your great restorer.
All those who love Nature she loves in return, and will richly reward, not perhaps with the good things, as they are commonly called, but with the best things of this world not with money and titles, horses and carriages, but with bright and happy thoughts, contentment and peace of mind.
Man is Nature's sole mistake.
Munificent nature follows the methods of the divine and true, and rounds all things to her perfect law. While nations are convulsed with blood and violence, how quietly the grass grows.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature.
Nature is indifferent to our love, but never unfaithful.
Nature is full of wonders every atom is standing miracle, and endowed with such qualities, as could not be impressed on it by power and wisdom less than infinite.
Chaos was the law of nature Order was the dream of man.
Lay aside all conceit. Learn to read the book of nature for yourself. Those who have succeeded best have followed for years some slim thread which has once in while broadended out and disclosed some treasure worth life long search.
Nature is the armory of genius. Cities serve it poorly, books and colleges at second hand the eye craves the spectacle of the horizon of mountain, ocean, river and plain, the clouds and stars actual contact with the elements, sympathy with the seasons as they rise and roll.
Nature has been for me, for as long as remember, source of solace, inspiration, adventure, and delight home, teacher, companion.
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
You think Nature is some Disney movie Nature is killer. It's feeding time out there 24 hours day, every step that you take is gamble with death. If it isn't getting hit with lightning today, it's an earthquake tomorrow or some deer tick carrying Lime disease. Either way, you're ending up on the wrong end of the food chain.
In nature there are neither rewards or punishments there are consequences.
It's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them. Life is hungry thing.
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own.
The fairest thing in nature, flower, still has its roots in earth and manure.
Nature is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere.
We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts.
Nature is not place to visit. It is home.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy.
Spring is nature's way of saying, Let's party.
Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy your work becomes dance with light and the weather. It takes you to place within yourself.
Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain.
Mother Nature is always speaking. She speaks in language understood within the peaceful mind of the sincere observer.
Nature is an endless combination and repetition of very few laws.
The laws of nature are written deep in the folds and faults of the earth. By encouraging men to learn those laws one can lead them further to knowledge of the author of all laws.
Nature abhors vacuum.
When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by pebble.
Nature uses human imagination to lift her work of creation to even higher levels.
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment.
Like music and art, love of nature is common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
Nature is often hidden, sometimes overcome, seldom extinguished.
Expect Nature to answer to your human values as to come into your house and sit in chair. The economy of nature, its checks and balances, its measurements of competing life all this is its great marvel and has an ethic of its own.
Seeing the glass as half empty is more positive than seeing it as half full. Through such lens the only choice is to pour more. That is righteous pessimism.
Negativity is cannibalistic. The more you feed it, the bigger and stronger it grows.
Nobody can motivate himself in positive direction by continually using negative words.
There are some people who always seem angry and continuously look for conflict. Walk away the battle they are fighting isn't with you, it is with themselves.
will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
pessimist is man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it.
pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Don't believe in pessimism. If something doesn't come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it's going to rain, it will.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Negative words are powerful boomerangs so be careful what you say about people and yourself.
Negativity is the enemy of creativity.
Nothing can doom man but the belief in doom, for this prevents the movement of return.
Negativity is an addiction to the bleak shadow that lingers around every human form you can transfigure negativity by turning it toward the light of your soul.
All negativity is an illusion created by the limited mind to protect and defend itself.
Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power.
To expect defeat is nine tenths of defeat itself.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
Forget your sadness, anger, grudges and hatred. Let them pass like smoke caught in breeze. Do not indulge yourself in such feelings.
The heaviest thing can carry is grudge.
Some people grumble that roses have thorns am grateful that thorns have roses.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings and emotions.
Worry deprives you of strength and makes everything much worse, than what actually is.
Fear is that little dark room where negatives are developed.
He who has never hoped, can never despair.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
The mind acts like an enemy for those who do not control it.
Stop allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions.
Criticism does not make you smarter or better than the one you are criticizing. In fact, the stuff you are critical of in others is the same stuff you don't like about yourself.
The more you dwell on what you don't have, the more you get what you don't want.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
feel uncomfortable because I'm insecure about who am.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own Light.
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
No one can create negativity or stress within you. Only you can do that by virtue of how you process your world.
All negativity is caused by an accumulation of psychological time and denial of the present.
When someone tells me no, it doesn't mean can't do it, it simply means can't do it with them.
lot of people will ignore positive words when they are down and accept negative words. Those people never get better.
People who project negativity typically have low self esteem. They feel badly about themselves, and their negativity is simply reflection of those feelings.
Negativity can only feed on negativity.
Sensitive souls draw in the negativity of others because they are so open.
Living in the past is dull and lonely business looking back strains the neck muscles, and causes you to bump into people not going your way.
The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
If you don't know the struggle, you don't know your strength.
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Adopting the right attitude can convert negative stress into positive one.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
The chip on my shoulder's little heavy. have back problems now.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
We must all suffer from one of two pains the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.
Pain is temporary. It may last minute, or an hour, or day, or year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If quit, however, it lasts forever.
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed.
have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Pain is such an uncomfortable feeling that even tiny amount of it is enough to ruin every enjoyment.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Pain is what the world inflicts upon us. Suffering is our emotional reaction when we fail to make the difficult conscious choice to choose Joy.
If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
God gave us pain to remind us we are alive, so we will learn to value the joys and beauty of the world.
Much of your pain is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
An hour of pain is as long as day of pleasure.
Pain and pleasure like light and darkness, succeed each other.
Pain is immune to empathy. like love.
Pain is like love affair. When it over it over.
People in pain are like the wandering minstrels of the Renaissance. Any occupied space becomes their court. If the story told often enough, perhaps the demons will become manifest. Made visible and mastered though words.
Even pain has its joy.
The pain of the little finger is felt by the whole body.
Pain is the only evil know about. It the only one can fight.
Sometimes pain can drive man harder than pleasure.
He was wise to the ways of pain. He had to be, for he felt none.
It is our suffering that brings us together. It is not love. Love does not obey the mind, and turns to hate when forced. The bond that binds us is beyond choice. We are brothers. We are brothers in what we share. In pain, which each of us must suffer alone, in hunger, in poverty, in hope, we know our brotherhood.
The best way of handling pain was to study it objectively.
Pain can be controlled, you just disconnect it.
Who can remember pain, once it over All that remains of it is shadow, not in the mind even, in the flesh. Pain larks you, but too deep to see.
Pain is the universe unguarded.
Pain is the substance of life and the root of personality, because only suffering is person.
There is nothing more suitable for the purposes of the universe than pain never day when you suffer is lost day.
Men are more sensitive to pain than to pleasures.
The human soul is ashamed of itself when it is overcome by pleasure or pain.
Top results are achieved only through pain. But eventually you like this pain.
willing to accept any kind of pain to win race.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain.
have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
No pain, no palm no thorns, no throne no gall, no glory no cross, no crown.
Pain has its own noble joy, when it starts strong consciousness of life, from stagnant one.
Pain nourishes courage. You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
The pain of the mind is worse than the pain of the body.
There are no gains without pains.
There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of new idea.
Out of pain and problems have come the sweetest songs, and the most gripping stories.
Find place inside where there's joy and the joy will burn out the pain.
Pain is filtered in poem so that it becomes finally, in the end, pleasure.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
Recovery begins with embracing our pain and taking the risk to share it with others. We do this by joining group and talking about our pain.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Looking for perfection is the only way to motivate yourself.
The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement.
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.
Perfection is finally attained not when there is no longer anything to add but when there is no longer anything to take away, when body has been stripped down to its nakedness.
When you aim for perfection, you discover it's moving target.
The closest to perfection person ever comes is when he fills out job application form.
Always live up to your standards by lowering them, if necessary.
It's not that perfection cannot be achieved. It's that it's so hard to stop there.
beat myself up every day, without so much as scratch.
To accomplish the perfect perfection, little imperfection helps.
It is only imperfection that complains of what is imperfect. The more perfect we are the more gentle and quiet we become towards the defects of others.
Perfection is not just about control. It's also about letting go. Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience.
Perfection irritates as well as it attracts, in fiction as in life.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees it requires the hand of time.
Perfection cannot be defined or seen it can only be found in your heart.
Perfection is road, not destination. Every time live, get an education.
Perfectionism is not quest for the best. It is pursuit of the worst in ourselves, the part that tells us that nothing we do will ever be good enough that we should try again.
To demand perfection is sure way to be disappointed in everybody, for you will be bound to think ill of others.
Have no fear of perfection you'll never reach it.
The condition of perfection is idleness the aim of perfection is youth.
Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you do, and fix it along the way.
Perfection is boring. If face doesn't have mistakes, it's nothing.
If you chase perfection, you often catch excellence.
Perfection doesn't exist in anyone. Striving for perfection in any part of our lives is recipe for failure, since it can never be attained.
It is reasonable to have perfection in our eye that we may always advance toward it, though we know it can never be reached.
Out of perfection nothing can be made. Every process involves breaking something up.
Perfection is trifle dull. It is not the least of life's ironies that this, which we all aim at, is better not quite achieved.
Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Perfect is determined in shortened measures of time, not over long periods of time or lifetimes. It would be unnatural.
Perfection is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe. If you are perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be loser in whatever you do.
Perfection is perfectly simple fouling things up requires true skill.
Perfection is worth striving for, even if it is ultimately unattainable in this life.
So much perfection argues rottenness somewhere.
Fix your eyes on perfection and you make almost everything speed towards it.
No one ever approaches perfection except by stealth, and unknown to themselves.
Perfection is an undiscovered jewel.
Producing perfection from imperfection is, after all, the highest of art forms.
certain type of perfection can only be realized through limitless accumulation of the imperfect.
Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
We adore perfection because we can't have it it would disgust us if we had it. Perfect is inhuman, because human is imperfect.
The thing about perfection is it's unknowable. It's impossible. But it's always right in front of you.
The more perfect thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is.
The perfecting of one's self is the fundamental base of all progress and all moral development.
The pursuit of perfection, then, is the pursuit of sweetness and light.
Perfection is the child of time.
Perfection itself is imperfection.
Perfection is terrible, it cannot have children.
Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor.
The purpose of psychology is to give us wholly novel ideas about the things that we know best.
The brain is wider than the sky.
Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature. History keeps undermining the effort.
Introspection is always retrospection.
The chief difficulty for those who begin the study of scientific psychology is that all men indulge in popular psychology.
It is not easy to treat feelings scientifically.
The separation of psychology from the premises of biology is purely artificial, because the human psyche lives in indissoluble union with the body.
You are the creator of your own reality, and life can show up no other way than that way in which you think it will.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
But psychology is more tricky field, in which even outstanding authorities have been known to run in circles, describing things which everyone knows in language which no one understands.
It is easier to understand mankind in general than any individual man.
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Perception is clash of mind and eye, the eye believing what it sees, the mind seeing what it believes.
It seems pity that psychology has destroyed all our knowledge of human nature.
To the intelligent man with an interest in human nature it must often appear strange that so much of the energy of the scientific world has been spent on the study of the body and so little on the study of the mind.
Knowing reality means constructing systems of transformations that correspond, more or less adequately, to reality.
Nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate, that there are no mysteries in nature, that our triumphs are complete and that there are no new worlds to conquer.
Learn one way react. Learn many ways understand.
When the mind is thinking it is talking to itself.
Idleness is the parent of psychology.
No one who, like me, conjures up the most evil of those half tamed demons that inhabit the human breast, and seeks to wrestle with them, can expect to come through the struggle unscathed.
Genuine feelings cannot be produced, nor can they be eradicated. We can only repress them, delude ourselves, and deceive our bodies. The body sticks to the facts.
Cognitive psychology tells us that the unaided human mind is vulnerable to many fallacies and illusions because of its reliance on its memory for vivid anecdotes rather than systematic statistics.
large part of the popularity and persuasiveness of psychology comes from its being sublimated spiritualism secular, ostensibly scientific way of affirming the primacy of spirit over matter.
Great spirits have often overcome violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Hence, wherever we meet with vital phenomena that present the two aspects, physical and psychical there naturally arises question as to the relations in which these aspects stand to each other.
Seeing ourselves as others see us would probably confirm our worst suspicions about them.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of his life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is asked. In word, each man is questioned by life and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life to life he can only respond by being responsible.
Make the most of your regrets never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves regret for the past and fear of the future.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Regret of neglected opportunity is the worst hell that living soul can inhabit.
Life is too short, time is too precious, and the stakes are too high to dwell on what might have been.
Regret is an appalling waste of energy, you can't build on it it's only good for wallowing in.
man has cause for regret only when he sows and no one reaps.
It's not what your are, it's what you don't become that hurts.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
When one door closes, another opens but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Forget regret, or life is yours to miss.
For of all sad words of tongue or pen, The saddest are these It might have been.
Something you need most might be something you turn away from, something you turn away from might be something you regret, and something you regret, in the end, might cost you the one chance you ever had.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
If only. Those must be the two saddest words in the world.
We have to let go of all blame, all attacking, all judging, to free our inner selves to attract what we say we want.
Regret is an unavoidable result of any loss, for in loss we lose the tomorrow that we needed to make right our yesterday or today.
Often regret is very false and displaced, and imagines the past to be totally other than it was.
Remorse is the poison of life.
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back lost moment and thousand years will not recover something lost in single hour.
We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
have always found that each step we take in life is to be regretted if we once begin to wonder how many other steps might have been possible.
Let the dead Past bury its dead.
Looking back, have this to regret, that too often when loved, did not say so.
Looking back, have this to regret, that too often when loved, did not say so.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
They say you should not suffer through the past. You should be able to wear it like loose garment, take it off and let it drop.
We must all suffer one of two things the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
Regret is an odd emotion because it comes only upon reflection. Regret lacks immediacy, and so its power seldom influences events when it could do some good.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
Never look back and regret, look back and smile at what you have learned.
Regrets only apply when we don't learn from situation. No sense looking back, look forward with new knowledge and no regret.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Consider mistakes nothing more than detours on the way to success. Learn from them, and then go on.
Do not spend your youth, wandering, lost in your field of daydreams you may wake up spending the rest of your life stranded on the path of regretful nightmares.
Regrets are the tears of choices not made and of good deeds left undone.
Only in your imagination can you revise.
Make it rule of life never to regret and never to look back.
Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Spend time with those you love. One of these days you will say either, wish had, or I'm glad did.
It's better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
If we spend our time with regrets over yesterday, and worries over what might happen tomorrow, we have no today in which to live.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
They say you should not suffer through the past. You should be able to wear it like loose garment, take it off and let it drop.
We must all suffer one of two things the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
Regret is an odd emotion because it comes only upon reflection. Regret lacks immediacy, and so its power seldom influences events when it could do some good.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
Never look back and regret, look back and smile at what you have learned.
Regrets only apply when we don't learn from situation. No sense looking back, look forward with new knowledge and no regret.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Consider mistakes nothing more than detours on the way to success. Learn from them, and then go on.
Do not spend your youth, wandering, lost in your field of daydreams you may wake up spending the rest of your life stranded on the path of regretful nightmares.
Regrets are the tears of choices not made and of good deeds left undone.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
The mistakes I've made are dead to me. But can't take back the things never did.
It is human nature to want to go back and fix things or change things that we regret.
Only in your imagination can you revise.
Make it rule of life never to regret and never to look back.
Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Spend time with those you love. One of these days you will say either, wish had, or I'm glad did.
It's better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
If we spend our time with regrets over yesterday, and worries over what might happen tomorrow, we have no today in which to live.
I've got bad case of the 00 am guilts you know, when you lie in bed awake and replay all those things you didn't do right Because, as we all know, nothing solves insomnia like nice warm glass of regret, depression and self loathing.
Our biggest regrets are not for the things we have done but for the things we haven't done.
Regretting the moments took for granted, Moments when was eaten by pride and hatred. What if had told you what feel Would it change my life's wheel.
Regrets only apply when we don't learn from situation. No sense looking back, look forward with new knowledge and no regret.
would rather regret the things that have done than the things that have not.
Live in the present tense, facing the duty at hand without regret for the past or worry over the future.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
If only. Those must be the two saddest words in the world.
Some choices we live not only once but thousand times over, remembering them for the rest of our lives.
man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
When one door closes, another opens but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
Regret for time wasted can become power for good in the time that remains, if we will only stop the waste and the idle, useless regretting.
Remorse is virtue's root its fair increase are fruits of innocence and blessedness.
Remorse. Never yield to remorse, but at once tell yourself remorse would simply mean adding to the first act of stupidity second.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
regret that it takes life to learn how to live.
We must all suffer from one of two pains the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves regret for the past and fear of the future.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
would much rather have regrets about not doing what people said, than regretting not doing what my heart led me to and wondering what life had been like if I'd just been myself.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Forget regret, or life is yours to miss.
Regret is an unavoidable result of any loss, for in loss we lose the tomorrow that we needed to make right our yesterday or today.
Often regret is very false and displaced, and imagines the past to be totally other than it was.
Remorse is the poison of life.
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back lost moment and thousand years will not recover something lost in single hour.
Is it really so difficult to tell good action from bad one think one usually knows right away or moment afterward, in horrid flash of regret.
The What ifs and the should have's will eat your brain.
Don't let the past steal your present.
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.
think don't regret single excess of my responsive youth only regret, in my chilled age, certain occasions and possibilities didn't embrace.
To feel today what one felt yesterday isn't to feel it's to remember today what was felt yesterday, to be today's living corpse of what yesterday was lived and lost.
Footfalls echo in the memory Down the passage which we did not take Towards the door we never opened Into the rose garden.
do not regret the things I've done, but those did not do.
Life is short. Break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never regret anything that made you smile.
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten. So take it as lesson learned, and move on.
Never regret anything that makes you smile.
Always do your best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment. Under any circumstances, simply do your best and you will avoid self judgement, self abuse and regret.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
see it all perfectly there are two possible situations one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this do it or do not do it you will regret both.
Regret for wasted time can become power for good in the time that remains, if we will only stop the waste and the idle, useless regretting.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
have no regrets. wouldn't have lived my life the way did if was going to worry about what people were going to say.
He who has regrets cannot look at himself in the mirror.
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs.
Regrets and recriminations only hurt your soul.
You can have immediate regrets, but if you look at stuff and say, Things happen for reason there's fatalistic thing about it. Something will happen that will justify it in some way.
Regrets are the tears of good deeds left undone.
The regrets and resentments etched in heart remain until they are cleansed away with love.
Be too busy to have time for regrets.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
You'll regret opening your mouth. You'll rarely regret keeping it shut.
Sometimes when you sacrifice something precious, you're not really losing it. You're just passing it on to someone else.
guess that's just part of loving people You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.
She taught me all about real sacrifice. That it should be done from love. That it should be done from necessity, not without exhausting all other options. That it should be done for people who need your strength because they don't have enough of their own.
It's not hard to decide what you want your life to be about. What's hard, she said, is figuring out what you're willing to give up in order to do the things you really care about.
Nobody knows you as well as our spouse. And that means no one will be quicker to recognize change when you deliberately start sacrificing your wants and wishes to make sure his or her needs are met.
The ultimate test of man's conscience may be his willingness to sacrifice something today for future generations whose words of thanks will not be heard.
People who put themselves on the line and sacrifice their own safety for the greater good and for others, and anyone in any profession whose concern is the welfare for other people instead of the individual, are inspiring and important.
Some day you will find out that there is far more happiness in another's happiness than in your own.
Doing the right thing for someone else occasionally means doing something that feels wrong to you.
Sometimes we have to step down to help somebody up, not because we failed to go up, but as humble sacrifice to save great soul.
The sacrifice which causes sorrow to the doer of the sacrifice is no sacrifice. Real sacrifice lightens the mind of the doer and gives him sense of peace and joy. The Buddha gave up the pleasures of life because they had become painful to him.
Whenever you feel compelled to put others first at the expense of yourself, you are denying your own reality, your own identity.
For was sure of one thing, it wasn't always the hero who saved the world. It was the person most willing to die first.
Regardless of what the advertising campaigns may tell us, we can't have it all. Sacrifice is not an option, or an anachronism it's fact of life. We all cut off our own limbs to burn on some altar. The crucial thing is to choose an altar that's worth it and limb you can accept losing. To go consenting to the sacrifice.
Sacrifice is part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to. Little sacrifices. Big sacrifices. mother works so her son can go to school. daughter moves home to take care of her sick father.
As soon as sacrifice becomes duty and necessity to mankind. see no limit to the horizon which opens before him.
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.
Sacrifice still exists everywhere, and everywhere the elect of each generation suffers for the salvation of the rest.
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
am thankful that in the giving we receive, and what we receive is the satisfaction of knowing that whatever we give is always bigger once we've given it away.
Self sacrifice is the real miracle out of which all the reported miracles grow.
To put others in front of ourselves is to put God in front of everything.
All great things worth having require great sacrifice worth giving.
Occasionally in this life, we must give up or lose the things that we want in order to gain the things we really need.
They warn you that you're gonna have to make sacrifices, but guess that means different things to different people, like giving up something you really want now for something you've wanted your whole life, or spending less time on yourself, so you can spend more time with someone you love. At some point you might even have to give up your own sense of safety and well being, but after while it doesn't feel like you're giving up anything at all.
Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have eternal life.
Brotherhood means laying down your life for somebody, really willing to sacrifice yourself for somebody else.
The most sublime act is to set another before you.
Everyone knows the beautiful story of Abraham and the sacrifice of Isaac. How this noble father led his child to the slaughter how Isaac meekly submitted how the farce went on till the lad was bound and laid on the altar, and how God then stopped the murder, and blessed the intending murderer for his willingness to commit the crime.
Giving yourself is the ultimate revolution.
Mom's eyes held yours for moment. don't like or dislike the kitchen. cooked because had to. had to stay in the kitchen so you could all eat and go to school. How could you only do what you like There are things you have to do whether you like it or not. Mom's expression asked, What kind of question is that And then she murmured, If you only do what you like, who's going to do what you don't like.
If people knew what they were missing, they would give up everything they have to achieve it.
What we obtain too cheaply, we esteem too lightly it's dearness only that gives everthing its value.
Greater love hath no man than this, that man lay down his life for his friends.
The important thing is this To be able, at any moment, to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Sometimes in life, you do things you don't want to. Sometimes you sacrifice, sometimes you compromise. Sometimes you let go and sometimes you fight. It's all about deciding what's worth losing and what's worth keeping.
Sacrifice, which is the passion of great souls, has never been the law of societies.
The Lord requires sacrifice, meaning something above and beyond the minimum. The Master spoke of the second mile and told us to go there. Why Because he wants to bless us, and he put all the blessings in the second mile.
Where excess lies, usually someone had to give something up for the other to get it.
wise man once said you can have anything in life, if you sacrifice everything else for it. What he meant is, nothing comes without price. So before you go into battle you better decide how much you're willing to lose.
Nothing great was ever achieved without personal sacrifice. You have to pay the price to realize your goals.
There's something tightly woven throughout the fabric of our humanity that runs entirely opposite to the baser instinct of looking out for our own good.
For you, and for any dear to you, would do anything. would embrace any sacrifice for you and for those dear to you. And when you see your own bright beauty springing up anew at your feet, think now and then that there is man who would give his life, to keep life you love beside you.
In order for you to receive, someone else has to give. That's called sacrifice.
Yet, there is sense of some deep sort that runs entirely contrary to human nature, that in putting ourselves first, we must by necessity put others first.
Sacrifice is the most beautiful situation and solution for all social problems.
The beginning and the decline of love are both marked by the embarrassment the lovers feel to be alone together.
You were as kind as you could be, and even though you're gone, you still mean the world to me.
You are my sweetest downfall. loved you first, loved you first.
It's funny how we feel so much but we cannot say word. We are screaming inside, but we can't be heard.
Well, I've been afraid of changing cause I've built my life around you. But time makes you bolder even children get older and I'm getting older too.
Love never dies natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds it dies of weariness, of withering, of tarnishing.
will wait for you till the day can forget you or till the day you realize you cannot forget me.
There is distinct, awful pain that comes with loving someone more than they love you.
Walking alone is not difficult but when we have walked mile worth thousand years with someone then coming back alone is what is difficult.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
Loving can cost lot but not loving always costs more, and those who fear to love often find that want of love is an emptiness that robs the joy from life.
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
If we must part forever, Give me but one kind word to think upon, And please myself with, while my heart's breaking.
Remember me with smiles and laughs, for that's how I'll remember you. If you can only remember me with sadness and tears, then don't remember me at all.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
Where there is love there is pain.
To love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Perhaps great love is never returned.
Falling out of love is very enlightening for short while you see the world with new eyes.
How do you know that love is gone If you said you would be there by seven, you get there by nine, and he or she has not called the police yet it gone.
You gave me wings to fly, then took away my sky.
To fall in love is to create religion that has fallible God.
Love without return is like question without an answer.
We must get our hearts broken sometimes. This is good sign, having broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken and rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as lived.
It so hard to forget pain, but it even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.
Never love with all your heart, it only ends in breaking.
Everything is temporary if you give it enough time.
I'd never dreamed that I'd love somebody like you, and I'd never dreamed that I'd lose somebody like you.
Love of mine, someday you will die. but I'll be close behind. I'll follow you into the dark.
Part of me aches at the thought of her being so close yet so untouchable.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.
For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, It might have been.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of little water.
Let no one who loves be unhappy even love unreturned has its rainbow.
Love lies in those unsent drafts in your mailbox. Sometimes you wonder whether things would have been different if you'd clicked Send.
Sometimes wish were little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.
When love is lost, do not bow your head in sadness instead keep your head up high and gaze into heaven for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
Sometimes your eyes are not the only place the tears fall from.
Love is like puzzle. When you're in love, all the pieces fit but when your heart gets broken, it takes while to get everything back together.
Since can't be with you right now will have to be content just dreaming about when we will be together again.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
You flew off with the wings of my heart and left me flightless.
Ask me why keep on loving you when it's clear that you don't feel the same way for me. the problem is that as much as can't force you to love me, can't force myself to stop loving you.
One day you'll love me as love you. One day you'll think of me as think of you. One day you'll cry for me as cry for you. One day you'll want me, but won't want you.
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
There is one pain, often feel, which you will never know. It's caused by the absence of you.
Let your tears come. Let them water your soul.
When one door closes another door opens but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons.
They say follow your heart, but if your heart is in million pieces which piece do you follow.
When you think your first falling in love, just then you realize your falling out of love.
didn't ask for it to be over, but then again, never asked for it to begin. For that is the way it is with life, as some of the most beautiful days come completely by chance. But even the most beautiful days eventually have their sunsets.
The flame of love is now just cold loneliness.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
They say that time heals all wounds but all it's done so far is give me more time to think about how much miss you.
wish had the guts to walk away forget about what we had, but can't because know you won't come after me that's what hurts the most.
There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
broken heart is what makes life so wonderful five years later, when you see the guy in the elevator and he is fat and smoking cigar and saying Long time no see.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Love lasts about seven years. That how long it takes for the cells of the body to totally replace themselves.
When feeling weak and my pain walks down one way street, look above and know ll always be blessed with love.
Cause you can't jump the track, we're like cars on cable, and life's like an hourglass, glued to the table. No one can find the rewind button, girl, so cradle your head in your hands and breathe. just breathe.
It's hard to believe that there's nobody out there. It's hard to believe that I'm all alone. At least have her love, the city she loves me. Lonely as am, together we cry.
Single is no longer lack of options but choice. choice to refuse to let your life be defined by your relationship status but to live every day Happily and let your Ever After work itself out.
Being single doesn't necessarily mean you're available. Sometimes you have to put up sign that says, Do Not Disturb on your heart.
If you really are going to be happy single, you have to stop treating being single as the annoying time that you pass between relationships and embrace it. Rather than focusing on what you lack, focus on what you have You.
My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.
never found companion that was so companionable as solitude.
busy, vibrant, goal oriented woman is so much more attractive than woman who waits around for man to validate her existence.
think it's very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not defined by another person.
You do not need to be loved, not at the cost of yourself. The single relationship that is truly central and crucial in life is the relationship to the self. Of all the people you will know in lifetime, you are the only one you will never lose.
Yes, it virtue to grow and improve, but it important to remember that being single does not mean you re flawed and in need of fixing. Your relationship or lack thereof has little to do with your worth.
am happy every day, regardless of my relationship status, because understand that my happiness doesn come from relationship, it comes from within.
It high time we stopped thinking of families only in terms of couples, considering singles to be an anomaly something must be wrong when you get into your thirties and aren married or undeveloped appendages which need to be nurtured and brought into maturity in marriage.
If you can't take care of yourself, you can't take care of someone else.
love being single. can come and go as please and stay out as late as want to.
Single is not status. It is word that best describes person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
If we seek paradise outside ourselves, we cannot have paradise in our hearts.
Single is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.
He sleeps fastest who sleeps alone.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
don't like to be labeled as lonely just because am alone.
like being single, I'm always there when need me.
celebrate myself, and sing myself.
Being single doesn't mean that you know nothing about love. Sometimes being solo is wiser than being in false relationship.
If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself.
When we cannot bear to be alone, it means we do not properly value the only companion we will have from birth to death ourselves.
Being single entitles you to not ask someone's opinion before you do something to mess up your own room, your credit report or even your life.
think, therefore I'm single.
Some people think it's wrong, being single isn't right. But you hurt the right person you'll be wrong all your life.
Being single is about celebrating and appreciating your own space that you're in.
To go out with the setting sun on an empty beach is to truly embrace your solitude.
Solitude is the place of purification.
Nowhere can man find quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul.
When went out or met people at parties, fielded questions like You seem normal. why are you still single which made me feel like had to defend myself just for showing up.
committed relationship seemed simpler than the nightmare in my mind was an outlier, fodder for mix of gossip and pity. was tired of watching other people travel to Thailand and expand their families via social media as lay in bed alone in my studio apartment with an old laptop and bad internet connection.
sister can be seen as someone who is both ourselves and very much not ourselves special kind of double.
sister is gift to the heart, friend to the spirit, golden thread to the meaning of life.
sister is your family. sister takes in pride with you. sister is your respectability. sister is like bra in your closet. She is like girl you can trust with all of your secrets. sister is always by your side.
sister smiles when one tells stories for she knows where the decoration has been added.
younger sister is someone to use as guinea pig in trying sledges and experimental go carts. Someone to send on messages to Mum. But someone who needs you who comes to you with bumped heads, grazed knees, tales of persecution. Someone who trusts you to defend her. Someone who thinks you know the answers to almost everything.
For there is no friend like sister, in calm or stormy weather, to cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.
How the hell do you sum up your sister in three minutes She's your twin and your polar opposite. She's your constant companion and your competition. She's your best friend and the biggest bitch in the world. She's everything you wish you could be and everything you wish you weren't.
If you don't understand how woman could both love her sister dearly and want to wring her neck at the same time, then you were probably an only child.
Sister. She is your mirror, shining back at you with world of possibilities. She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway. She is your partner in crime, your midnight companion, someone who knows when you are smiling, even in the dark. She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink. Some days, she's the reason you wish you were an only child.
Sisters annoy, interfere, criticize. Indulge in monumental sulks, in huffs, in snide remarks. Borrow. Break. Monopolize the bathroom. Are always underfoot. But if catastrophe should strike, sisters are there. Defending you against all comers.
Sisters are different. They heard the sobbing in the darkness. They lived through all your triumphs, all your favorites, all your loves and losses. They have no delusions. They lived with you too long. And so, when you achieve some victory, friends are delighted but sisters hold your hands in silence and shine with happiness. For they know the cost.
Sisters don't need words. They have perfected language of snarls and smiles and frowns and winks expressions of shocked surprise and incredulity and disbelief. Sniffs and snorts and gasps and sighs that can undermine any tale you're telling.
sister is little bit of childhood that can never be lost.
sister is both your mirror and your opposite.
Sister is God's way of proving He doesn't want us to walk alone.
sister is one who reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
Having sister is like having best friend you can't get rid of. You know whatever you do, they'll still be there.
Husbands come and go children come and eventually they go. Friends grow up and move away. But the one thing that's never lost is your sister.
Is solace anywhere more comforting than in the arms of sister.
More than Santa Claus, your sister knows when you've been bad and good.
Of two sisters one is always the watcher, one the dancer.
Sister is our first friend and second mother.
Sisters are always drying their hair. Locked into rooms, alone, they pose at the mirror, shoulders bare, trying this way and that their hair, or fly importunate down the stair to answer the telephone.
Sisters are best friends, they are advisors, they are teachers, and best of all they are people with whom you can talk with about anything someone you have special bond with.
Sisters are splendid and incredible siblings who tower our life with exuberance and responsiveness at all times.
Sisters share the scent and smells the feel of common childhood.
Sisters touch your heart in ways no other could. Sisters share. their hopes, their fears, their love, everything they have. Real friendship springs from their special bonds.
Sisters, as you know, also have unique relationship. This is the person who has known you your entire life, who should love you and stand by you no matter what, and yet it's your sister who knows exactly where to drive the knife to hurt you the most.
Sweet is the voice of sister in the season of sorrow.
The mildest, drowsiest sister has been known to turn tiger if her sibling is in trouble.
There is no better friend than sister. And there is no better sister than you.
We acquire friends and enemies, but our sisters come with the territory.
We are sisters. We will always be sisters. Our differences may never go away, but neither, for me, will our song.
What are sisters for if not to point out the things the rest of the world is too polite to mention.
When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands chance against us.
You can kid the world, but not your sister.
In the cookies of life, sisters are the chocolate chips.
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
Sisters are different flowers from the same garden.
Sisters are for sharing laughter and wiping tears.
Sisters function as safety nets in chaotic world simply by being there for each other.
Sisters may share the same mother and father but appear to come from different families.
Sisters never quite forgive each other for what happened when they were five.
The best thing about having sister was that always had friend.
What's the good of news if you haven't sister to share it.
You keep your past by having sisters. As you get older, they're the only ones who don't get bored if you talk about your memories.
The snow doesn't give soft white damn whom it touches.
The snow began to fall again, drifting against the windows, politely begging entrance and then falling with disappointment to the ground.
lot of people like snow. find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Snow falling soundlessly in the middle of the night will always fill my heart with sweet clarity.
Silently, like thoughts that come and go, the snowflakes fall, each one gem.
snow day literally and figuratively falls from the sky unbidden and seems like thing of wonder.
Snow provokes responses that reach back to childhood.
There's just something beautiful about walking in snow that nobody else has walked on. It makes you believe you're special.
The snow itself is lonely or, if you prefer, self sufficient. There is no other time when the whole world seems composed of one thing and one thing only.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
leaned out one last time and caught snowflake on my tongue. They tasted so good, so pure and so divine, like nothing had ever tasted from the sky.
miss the snow. miss looking at it, walking in it, tasting it. used to love those days when it was so cold everyone else would be tucked away inside trying to stay warm. would be the only one out walking, so could look across the fields and see miles of snow without single footprint in it. It would be completely silent no cars, no birds singing, no doors slamming. Just silence and snow.
Snowing is an attempt of God to make the dirty world look clean.
Thank goodness for the first snow. It was reminder no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered.
snowman is the perfect man. He's very well rounded and comes with his own broom.
With every falling flake, unique spark of interest falls from heaven.
The wonder of single snowflake outweighs the wisdom of million meteorologists.
Nature is full of genius, full of the divinity so that not snowflake escapes its fashioning hand.
The snow did not even whisper its way to earth, but seemed to salt the night with silence.
Snow makes cities innocent again, reveals the frailty of the human gesture against the void.
Life is like blanket of snow. Be careful how you step on it. Every step will show.
There's one good thing about snow, it makes your lawn look as nice as your neighbor's.
Snowmen fall from heaven. unassembled.
The snow is sparkling like million little suns.
Be like snow cold, but beautiful.
Snowflakes are kisses from heaven.
When snow falls, nature listens.
January brings the snow, makes our feet and fingers glow.
The very fact of snow is such an amazement.
Softball has given me so much in life. It's taught me the kind of person want to be, and given me sweet sisterhood. It even led me to my husband.
In softball Go hard every play. You don't want to leave anything behind and regret it years down the road that you didn't give it all when you could have.
We play this game softball with emotion and love. Coach always says Emotionally, physically, mentally come to the field prepared. Because if you don't bring that to the field, you're going to get beat.
It's softball is game of making great pitches at the right time, being opportunistic by getting run at the right time and playing good defense.
The softball gods giveth and the softball gods taketh away, but that evens out over the season.
It's not just any sport, it's not just throwing ball, hitting and running. live with the cheering of my players while I'm up to bat. live with the red stitches of the softball rubbing against my fingers when snap my wrist and let it fly. live with mistakes every day in it, and live learning them. live on the pitchers mound where need complete confidence in my self. live with snapping my wrist to the catcher and getting the batter out, perfect strike. live not only for my teammates, but for my self. live for fastpitch softball.
Softball Where good girls steal.
Like softball Life will always throw you curves, just keep fouling them off, the right pitch will come and when it does be prepared to run the bases.
When step into batter's box, the fans, the noise, the cheers, they all disappear. For that moment, the world is just battle between me and the pitcher. And more than anything, want to win.
It doesn't sparkle but guard this diamond with my life.
This game is about the long run. LIFE is about the long run. _Pick successes that can build your confidence_over time_and stay in the process. There is always light at the end of the tunnel, but you can't see the light if you fall into the trap of all the failures trying to pull you down.
Realize this We aren't going to be perfect with our outcomes results, in this game of failure we call softball. However, every time you are in pressure situation it's chance to prove that you're in the perfect frame of mind. The success and failure comes from being in the right frame of mind and giving yourself a_chance to have success when the big moment comes it doesn't always necessarily come with the outcome, despite what all eyes watching might think. Results will come once the frame of mind has been altered.
Take it one pitch at time. Take it one day at at time.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Try not to get lost in comparing yourself to others. Discover your gifts and let them shine Softball is amazing that way as sport. Everyone on the field has slightly different ability that makes them perfect for their position.
Sweat dries, blood clots, bones heal, suck it up princess. This is softball.
Softball isn't one woman sport, there's 11 other girls who become your sisters. And don't forget that you win as team and lose as team.
want my softball team to be more detached from the wins and losses and be more focused on doing the little things well. When you focus on getting the win, it can suffocate you, especially during the playoffs when the pressure gets thick.
There is way to play this game softball physically, but it's the mental part that's going to separate gold from silver and silver from bronze.
This game softball is game of inches. Sometimes they are going to go our way, and sometimes they aren't.
That's part of fast pitch softball, being able to move runners and execute the short game. _It's very quick game. _Sixty feet, you bobble it once, and these kids are going to be safe. You have to play quick, but you can't be in hurry.
What love about the game softball is that the game doesn't know who is supposed to win.
Everybody knows that pitching and defense win championships. It's all about defense. _It's that way in pretty much every sport. So if we can pitch and play defense we have chance at championship. _But you can also win quite few games by hitting.
One pitch can be the difference between win and loss, an error could be the difference.
The values learned on the playing field how to set goals, endure, take criticism and risks, become team players, use our beliefs, stay healthy, and deal with stress prepare us for life.
The team with the best athletes doesn't usually win. It's the team with the athletes who play best together.
One of the most awesome things about sports, particularly team sports, is that everything you need to do to be successful on the playing field carries over directly into life. In team sport you have to learn how to work together, to set goals, and then work toward those goals in productive way. You learn to be responsible and you learn how to not only depend on others, but also be independent so you can support others.
I'm not exceptionally fast or overly powerful. But have good work ethic, and make up for it by using technique and trying to be smarter.
Softball player girl who, once steps onto the field, is transformed from daddy's little girl_into fierce, unrelenting competitor who will stop at nothing in order to win game. Characteristically_with dirt all across her face, ratted sweaty hair, bloody knees, and dirt stained socks and uniform. She's diligent hard worker who knows the real meaning of teamwork, spirit, and fearing nothing. Contradictorily she personifies all of this while she still wears cute, color coordinated hair ribbons and sleeve straps.
am now, and will always be me. But when it comes time to step out onto that field, me gets little more dedicated, little more serious, and nobody stands in my way.
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Soldiers are citizens of death's grey land, drawing no dividend from time's tomorrows.
Although soldier by profession, have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and have never advocated it, except as means of peace.
To be soldier one needs that special gene, that extra something, that enables person to jump into one on one combat, something, after all, that is unimaginable to most of us, as we are simply not brave enough.
Every soldier thinks something of the moral aspects of what he is doing. But all war is immoral and if you let that bother you, you're not good soldier.
The soldier's heart, the soldier's spirit, the soldier's soul, are everything. Unless the soldier's soul sustains him he cannot be relied on and will fail himself and his commander and his country in the end.
Soldiers, when committed to task, can't compromise. It's unrelenting devotion to the standards of duty and courage, absolute loyalty to others, not letting the task go until it's been done.
handful of soldiers is always better than mouthful of arguments.
Any soldier worth his salt should be antiwar. And still there are things worth fighting for.
Soldiers usually win the battles and generals get the credit for them.
Soldiers have many faults, but they have one redeeming merit they are never worshippers of force. Soldiers more than any other men are taught severely and systematically that might is not right.
Soldiers are men. most apt for all manner of services and best able to support and endure the infinite toils and continual hazards of war.
Soldiers are dreamers when the guns begin they think of firelit homes, clean beds, and wives.
soldier is he whose blood makes the glory of the general.
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat hundred without head.
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money, it is not because they have distaste for riches if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they are disinclined to longevity.
The most vital quality soldier can possess is self confidence, utter, complete and bumptious.
Good soldiers never pass up chance to eat or sleep. They never know how much they'll be called on to do before the next chance.
You can always tell an old soldier by the inside of his holsters and cartridge boxes. The young ones carry pistols and cartridges the old ones, grub.
If my soldiers were to begin to think, not one of them would remain in the army.
Our soldiers have nobly fought to protect freedom since our country's birth, and have fought to protect those that could not protect themselves, even in foreign lands when called upon.
mean the only thing us dead soldiers got in common is that none of us was good enough or lucky enough to survive the fight. We're host of failures.
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as whole.
Do you know what soldier is, young man He's the chap who makes it possible for civilised folk to despise war.
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
Soldiers are not policemen, and it's very unfair, even for those soldiers who have some police training, to burden them with police duties. It's not what they're trained for, or equipped for.
One doesn't become soldier in week it takes training, study and discipline. There is no question that the finest Army in the world is found in the United States.
The courage of soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
soldier will fight long and hard for bit of colored ribbon.
Old soldiers never die they just fade away.
Soldiers willingly, sometimes foolishly, risk their own lives to keep their comrades out of enemy hands.
All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families.
That soldiers do terrible things during wartime should not surprise us.
You cannot expect soldiers to change people's minds. That has to be done in other ways.
think soldiers are not just one homogenous group, just like Americans aren't. They all have different feelings about the war.
Being soldier, fighting for this country, is neither Republican nor Democrat.
The first virtue in soldier is endurance of fatigue courage is only the second virtue.
professional soldier understands that war means killing people, war means maiming people, war means families left without fathers and mothers.
There's something about an American soldier you can't explain. They're so grateful for anything, even film actress coming to see them.
The courage of soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
Austrian soldiers are like horses brave but easily frightened.
When goods do not cross borders, soldiers will.
believe German soldiers are good and decent, and if they did anything wrong it was because of military necessity.
am Soldier, fight where am told, and win where fight.
The soldier's main enemy is not the opposing soldier, but his own commander.
Self denial and self discipline, however, will be recognized as the outstanding qualities of good soldier.
To the soldier, luck is merely another word for skill.
That last page turned is perfect excuse to write whole new book.
Be willing to be beginner every single morning.
Don't worry about being worried. You're heading out on an adventure and you can always change your mind along the way and try something else.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. The old skin has to be shed before the new one can come.
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left.
Do not wait until the conditions are perfect to begin. Beginning makes the conditions perfect.
It's humbling to start fresh. It takes lot of courage. But it can be reinvigorating. You just have to put your ego on shelf tell it to be quiet.
It isn't always change of scenery needed to make life better. Sometimes it simply requires opening your eyes.
There are some things one can only achieve by deliberate leap in the opposite direction.
If must start somewhere, right here and now is the best place imaginable.
If God closes door AND window, consider the fact that it might be time to build whole new house.
journey of thousand miles begins with single step.
Recreate your life, always, always. Remove the stones, plant rose bushes and make sweets. Begin again.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream new dream.
For last year's words belong to last year's language And next year's words await another voice. And to make an end is to make beginning.
Celebrate endings, for they precede new beginnings.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
Although no one can go back and make brand new start, anyone can start from now and make brand new ending.
Never forget, Today, you have 100 of your life left.
Start by doing what's necessary then do what's possible and suddenly you're doing the impossible.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
have always been delighted at the prospect of new day, fresh try, one more start, with perhaps bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning.
The secret to living the life of your dreams is to start living the life of your dreams today, in every little way you possibly can.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
If all you can do is crawl, start crawling.
Sunrise is God's way of saying, Let's start again.
Every day is new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
The secret to change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Starting all over again is not that bad because when you restart, you get another chance to make things right.
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide you're not going to stay where you are.
It's never too late never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.
Begin your life today, and again tomorrow.
To change ones life Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
Making the beginning is one third of the work.
It is no disgrace to start all over. It is usually an opportunity.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The beginning is always today.
You raze the old to raise the new.
Rather than turning the page, it's much easier to just throw the book away.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, Begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it, Begin it now.
The distance is nothing it's only the first step that is difficult.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Starting over can be challenging, but also it can be great opportunity to do things differently.
You leave old habits behind by starting out with the thought, release the need for this in my life.
Optimism is happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.
Keep your thoughts positive, because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive, because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive, because your behavior become your habits. Keep your habits positive, because your habits.
Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche.
If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
No matter what you're going through, there's light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.
People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom.
lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. always look on the positive side of what can do.
You cannot change reality, but you can control the manner in which you look at things. Your attitude is under your own control. Weed out the negative and focus on the positive.
When it rains, it pours but soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don't stop due to failure.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Positive thinking is empowering, positive action is achieving.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see shadow.
If you have positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Negative people need drama like oxygen. Stay positive, it'll take their breath away.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
No matter what you face, don't forget if you're positive, positivity will find you and embrace you.
try and stay positive being negative isn't good for my personality. don't just bring myself down, bring everyone around me down. It's like dark cloud, Uh oh, here we go, and have to snap out of it.
Be positive with every idea surrounding your dreams. Think about the possibility of what you plan to do and approach it with an optimistic action. Stay positively.
have the ability to build myself up or break myself down. stay positive. Strength comes from within.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
You will never succeed if you do not believe that you deserve what you want. Visualize your goal. Make an effort to go for it and always stay positive that it can be yours.
Positivity will block the negative thoughts that overwhelm you during tough times. Stay positive and you'll achieve more than what you set yourself for.
The positivity in our life is function of our thinking. So think positive, stay positive.
Be fanatically positive and militantly optimistic. If something is not to your liking, change your liking.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
Delete the negative accentuate the positive.
Choosing to be positive and having grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
Always turn negative situation into positive situation.
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.
When you go through negative situation, don't think about it. Make it positive.
Surround yourself with positive people and situations, and avoid negativity.
If you absolutely can't stay positive, don't go negative, just cruise neutral for while until you can get back up.
STAYING POSITIVE does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that YOU will be okay no matter how things turn out.
By choosing positivity you become contender for the human spirit giving hope to those in need.
It makes big difference in your life when you stay positive.
Have fun, be yourself, enjoy life and stay positive.
fantastic positive ATTITUDE makes great day SMILE.
Positive thoughts lead to positive results.
Before you leave the house, you need to make up your mind that you're going to stay positive and enjoy the day no matter what comes your way. You have to decide ahead of time.
If you tell yourself you feel fine, you will.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
Even in bad situation, there's always positive side. Even if you can't see it yet.
The most important thing is to stay positive.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Be strong, believe in who you are be strong, believe in what you feel.
If you feel lost, disappointed, hesitant, or weak, return to yourself, to who you are, here and now and when you get there, you will discover yourself, like lotus flower in full bloom, even in muddy pond, beautiful and strong.
Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Never give in. never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force. never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Life is, at times, tough. And all we need to do is to prove that we are tougher than it.
He who conquers others is strong He who conquers himself is mighty.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
The ultimate measure of man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie knot and hang on.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Being strong doesn't mean that you can handle every difficult situation on your own, it means that you have the sense to ask God and others for help.
Inside of ring or out, ain't nothing wrong with going down. It's staying down that's wrong.
For tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
When you're not sure if you're following the right path, when you've been knocked down few too many times, it's completely fine to get discouraged, hell even defeated. What's not okay is to stop.
We do not have to remain stuck in our trials We go through them and as daughters of the King, we can rise in the midst of dark, shaking moments.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
Stay strong, be brave, love hard and true, and you will have nothing to lose.
You've got to stay strong to be strong in tough times.
There's so many things that life is, and no matter how many breakthroughs, trials will exist and we're going to get through it. Just be strong.
Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.
Be strong because things will get better. It may be stormy now but it never rains forever.
Pain is temporary The pain you feel today is only to get strength to face tomorrow.
Change is never easy. You fight to hold on. You fight to let go.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
Build upon strengths, and weaknesses will gradually take care of themselves.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, will try again tomorrow.
Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
The first step is you have to say that you can.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Problems are not stop signs they are guidelines.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
am not afraid of storms, for am learning how to sail my ship.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
Remember everything is solvable and if you can't see solution, it only means you haven't worked it out yet.
Sometimes you don realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
firm tree does not fear the storm.
single arrow is easily broken bundle of ten is not.
Control your emotions or they will control you.
Eagles don't catch flies.
He that cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.
If you ford river in crowd, the crocodiles won't get you. Ed. note If your lucky.
It ain't over til it's over.
It takes village to raise child.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Our handicaps exist only in our minds.
Persuasion is better than force.
Rocks need no protection from the rain. Ed. Note Except over time.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
The best way out is always through.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face. we must do that which we think we cannot.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
In the depth of winter, finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
We may get knocked down on the outside, but the key to living in victory is to learn how to get up on the inside.
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Anyone can give up, it's the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
The most beautiful people I've known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths.
Strong people don't put people down. They lift them up.
You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie knot and hang on.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
We acquire the strength we have overcome.
Strength is matter of made up mind.
Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them. There are deep wells of strength that are never used.
He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
You were given this life, because you are strong enough to live it.
Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself you tasted as many as you could.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
If one dream should fall and break into thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.
No matter what the situation, remind yourself have choice.
Look at day when you are supremely satisfied at the end. It's not day when you lounge around doing nothing it's when you've had everything to do, and you've done it.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
When stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
The problem with educating stupid people was that they didn't know they were stupid. The same went for curing crazy people.
Stupid people will mistake your confidence for arrogance.
The problem with the world is that everyone does not have brain, but everyone does have tongue.
Talk sense to fool and he calls you foolish.
brainiac notices everything, an ignoramus comments about everything.
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
He is not only dull himself, but the cause of dulness in others.
The biggest cause of trouble in the world today is that the stupid people are so sure about things and the intelligent folks are so full of doubts.
Stupid people always think they are right. Wise people listen to advice.
Better to remain silent and be thought fool than to speak and to remove all doubt.
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
The real war is not between the West and the East. The real war is between intelligent and stupid people.
If you think your boss is stupid, remember you wouldn't have job if he was any smarter.
It is so pleasant to come across people more stupid than ourselves. We love them at once for being so.
Stupid people do make me lose my temper and most people are stupid, fortunately for me. It's made it easier for me to make living.
Most people would sooner die than start to think. In fact they do so.
Unintelligent people always look for scapegoat.
It costs to be stupid. The stupider you are, the more it costs.
An empty head is not really empty it is stuffed with rubbish. Hence the difficulty of forcing anything into an empty head.
just hate stupid people. They should have to wear signs that say I'm Stupid. That way you wouldn't rely on them, and you wouldn't ask them for nothing.
Although it is not true that all conservatives are stupid people, it is true that most stupid people are conservative.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask Do they get smart just in time to ask questions.
An instructed and intelligent people are always more decent and orderly than an ignorant and stupid one.
Only stupid people don't change their minds.
Wise men create proverbs and fools repeat them.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.
If you want to support others you have to stay upright yourself.
It is an eternal obligation toward the human being not to let him suffer from hunger when one has chance of coming to his assistance.
He stands erect by bending over the fallen. He rises by lifting others.
It is kingly act to assist the fallen.
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
To keep lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it.
Life's most urgent questions is What are you doing for others.
When person is down in the world, an ounce of help is better than pound of preaching.
The truest help we can render an afflicted man is not to take his burden from him, but to call out his best energy, that he may be able to bear the burden.
If you have much, give of your wealth if you have little, give of your heart.
Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Sometimes the only thing you could do for people was to be there.
Helping others isn't chore it is one of the greatest gifts there is.
To give aid to every poor man is far beyond the reach and power of every man. Care of the poor is incumbent on society as whole.
To aid life, leaving it free, however, that is the basic task of the educator.
Helping people getting great start in life, great foundation, is an investment.
Give, but give until it hurts.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Look up and not down. Look forward and not back. Look out and not in, and lend hand.
Never look down on anybody unless you helping him up.
When you cease to make contribution, you begin to die.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Everybody can be great. because anybody can serve. You don't have to have college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need heart full of grace. soul generated by love.
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.
am only one, but still am one. cannot do everything, but still can do something and because cannot do everything, will not refuse to do something can do.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.
No one can whistle symphony. It takes whole orchestra to play it.
It takes community to maintain human.
It is not enough to help the feeble up, but to support him after.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.
Help one another there's no time like the present and no present like the time.
friend is the one who comes in when the whole world has gone out.
Never worry about numbers. Help one person at time, and always start with the person nearest you.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
If you're in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.
Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
There is no use whatever trying to help people who do not help themselves. You cannot push anyone up ladder unless he is willing to climb himself.
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough people get what they want in life.
Make habit of two things to help or at least to do no harm.
Support the sick, but not the idle.
Your small support could accomplish big dream.
Helping someone is what life is all about.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
No matter who or what you support, believe in supporting fairness first.
Surfing is for life.
The joy of surfing is so many things combined, from the physical exertion of it, to the challenge of it, to the mental side of the sport.
The best surfer out there is the one having the most fun.
Surfing's one of the few sports that you look ahead to see what's behind.
You cannot stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
There are million ways to surf, and as long as you're smiling you're doing it right.
My passion for surfing was more than my fear of sharks.
Life is lot like surfing. When you get caugh in the impact zone, you've got to just get back up. because you never know what may be the next wave.
Surfing is attitude dancing.
We're all equal before wave.
Your surfing can get better on every turn, on every wave you catch. Learn to read the ocean better. big part of my success has been wave knowledge.
If you're having bad day, catch wave.
One of the greatest things about the sport of surfing is that you need only three things your body, surf board, and wave.
Surfing is such an amazing concept. You're taking on Nature with little stick and saying, I'm gonna ride you And lot of times Nature says, No you're not and crashes you to the bottom.
Surfing is not an organized sport, but it does have rules. The surfer closest to the curl has the right of way.
Surfing, alone among sports, generates laughter at its very suggestion, and this is because it turns not skill into an art, but an inexplicable and useless urge into vital way of life.
Surfing expresses pure yearning for visceral, physical contact with the natural world.
The balance and patience factors are much more critical in surfing than they are in snowboarding if you're out surfing serious waves and you wipe out, you don't land on soft snow. It's usually either very sharp coral, or you get raked across the beach gravel and sand while you're tumbling underwater.
Surfing equates to living in the very moment of now When you ride wave you leave behind all things important and unimportant, the purity of the moment is upon you.
Three most important things in life, surf, surf and surf.
Surf and feel your life be changed forever.
There's an independence to surfing, it's just you and the ocean. There aren't bunch of rules.
One thing you learn from surfing is how to operate in the present. It's really what the surfing experience is all about.
There is wisdom in waves. Some surfers see it right away, others never do. To find success in surfing, we must learn to be in harmony with nature. This will bring sense of peace. By sharing this peace, and contributing to other people's happiness, we can find the true meaning of life. Keep surfing.
Surfing is good for the soul, worries seems to drift away as you scan the horizon for the next wave.
Surfing is like life. Every wave and every day are different.
For surfer, the fluidity of the ocean of being in it is what matters.
still feel like my best surfing is ahead of me.
Surfing gets your soul, once you feel the wave lift you up and thrust you forward you begin to realise how powerful but beautiful mother nature is and how vast the universe really is, this cant help but smile on your face in absolute awe of how beautiful it is to have participated in life.
Surfing is like golf You're always battling, and it keeps knocking you down. There are lot of wipeouts. But when you stay with it and catch that wave, you really taste it. It's magic.
The rule of surfing is never tell anyone where you go.
When the surfs up, your life is too.
The only one whom can whisper to you the ways of the surf, is the wind.
There are no more committed people on the planet than surfers. We fall down lot. We turn around, paddle back out, and do it over and over again. Unlike anything else in life, the stoke of surfing is so high that the failures quickly fade from memory.
Not to sound too deep or weird, but think that the times when you really appreciate surfing are the times you're really sort of becoming one with nature. Surfing's as raw of sport as it gets.
When life hands you lemons, you make lemonade. But when life hands you hurricanes, you go surfing.
Waves are toys from God.
When life gives you rough waves, surf'em.
Sometimes in the morning, when it's good surf, go out there, and don't feel like it's bad world.
feel my absolute best physically, mentally and spiritually when I'm surfing every day.
If in doubt, paddle out.
There is nothing, nothing, more sad than surfer who used to surf.
Never drive away from good surf.
I've always thought surfing is reflection of who you are.
don't think anyone gets to the end of their life and wishes they had surfed less.
Surfing for me is more than my lifestyle it's my passion, my love, and it's part of me.
In surfing, coming to terms with death or at least the possibility is an ongoing crisis in big waves. The set is building outside, and it's so beautiful, aesthetically. People are watching in awe from the beach the blue water, the stiff offshore winds, the 40 foot walls charging in from the open ocean. If you're out there with nothing but your body, your wits and surfboard, that set can be your coffin.
Surfing is the most blissful experience you can have on this planet, taste of heaven.
It looks easy, like surfing, but surfing is hard too.
I'm surfing the giant life wave.
man, as general rule, owes very little to what he is born with, man is what he makes himself.
Nobody is stronger, nobody is weaker than someone who came back. There is nothing you can do to such person because whatever you could do is less than what has already been done to him. We have already paid the price.
In spite of everything that was done to me and my race, in spite of the adversity and the bitter moments, again we rise.
In mad world, only the mad are sane.
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.
All I'm trying to do is not join my ancestral spirits just yet.
Hunger, love, pain, fear are some of those inner forces which rule the individual's instinct for self preservation.
If you live among wolves you have to act like wolf.
To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
Once one determines that he or she has mission in life, that's it's not going to be accomplished without great deal of pain, and that the rewards in the end may not outweigh the pain if you recognize historically that always happens, then when it comes, you survive it.
Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air, but only for one second without hope.
Survival is nothing more than recovery.
The ability to delude yourself may be an important survival tool.
Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.
In world where change is inevitable and continuous, the need to achieve that change without violence is essential for survival.
For Harmony. chance at life. To fight on other days.
The consciousness of being deemed dead, is next to the presumable unpleasantness of being so in reality. One feels like his own ghost unlawfully tenanting defunct carcass.
Nature's stern discipline enjoins mutual help at least as often as warfare. The fittest may also be the gentlest.
The faster you can signal for rescue, the faster you get out of that situation.
You don't know if you're going to be rescued in day or month gotta prepare for the long haul gotta make the place your home.
The man who goes afoot, prepared to camp anywhere and in any weather, is the most independent fellow on earth.
Perhaps catastrophe is the natural human environment, and even though we spend good deal of energy trying to get away from it, we are programmed for survival amid catastrophe.
Tis the last rose of summer Left blooming alone All her lovely companions Are faded and gone.
Every day run scared. That's the only way can stay ahead.
The condition of man. is condition of war of everyone against everyone.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but rather the one most adaptable to change.
Resilience is the maintenance of high levels of positive affect and well being in the face of adversity. It is not that resilient individuals never experience negative affect, but rather that the negative affect does not persist.
Self preservation is the first principle of our nature.
In truth, we exist and survive, not because of the ego, but in spite of it.
Surviving means being born over and over again.
Only the strong survive.
Rule of survival Pack your own parachute.
Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be for without victory, there is no survival.
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival.
Survival is triumph enough.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
It takes but one positive thought when given chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Confront them with annihilation, and they will then survive plunge them into deadly situation, and they will then live. When people fall into danger, they are then able to strive for victory.
Every man is wise when attacked by mad dog fewer when pursued by mad woman only the wisest survive when attacked by mad notion.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Hunger, love, pain, fear are some of those inner forces which rule the individual's instinct for self preservation.
Self preservation, nature's first great law, all the creatures, except man, doth awe.
We are survival machines robot vehicles blindly programmed to preserve the selfish molecules known as genes.
Survival is the ability to swim in strange water.
Survival often feels like an indignity.
In the greater part of humankind there resides an instinct for survival. It is this which can clutch at straws and effect rescue from them. It is this which can, now and then, outwit fate.
Survival is an infinite capacity for suspicion.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie knot and hang on.
What does not kill us makes us stronger.
Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take chance and be great.
Just keep taking chances and having fun.
love taking chances.
He who takes no chances wins nothing.
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances.
If you aren't making some mistakes, you aren't taking enough chances.
If you're not scared then you're not taking chance. If you're not taking chance then what the hell are you doing anyway.
I've got to take chances and get out there. What are you going to do, sit home and knit don't knit.
believe in taking chances and living your life. Sometimes doors open and others close and you have to figure out which one you're going to take. I'm always for the one that's challenging.
Be passionate about your life. Learn to live without the fear of failing. Take chance, you just might surprise yourself.
Take chance All life is chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances.
If you want to achieve high goal, you're going to have to take some chances.
Every chance taken is another chance to win.
Nothing important was ever achieved without someone taking chance.
In life we take chances to prove to ourselves that we are strong enough to be here.
Take chance. You never know how perfect something might turn out to be.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
lifetime isn't forever, so take the first chance, don't wait for the second one Because sometimes, there aren't second chances And if it turns out to be mistake So what This is life whole bunch of mistakes But if you never get second chance.
Never regret taking chance, even if you fall on your face It's better to know you tried and failed than to wonder the great what if.
When we allow ourselves to become vulnerable, to take chances, and to risk our pride, that is when we find our own glory.
Life's not about sitting at home in front of the TV waiting for your life to begin. Get out there and take some chances.
Taking chances on opportunities, even if they aren't right for you, gives you clearer picture of where you want to go with your life and career.
You learn so much from taking chances, whether they work out or not. Either way, you can grow from the experience and become stronger and smarter.
The successful man is the one who had the chance and took it.
You can't go through life protecting yourself from everything. You have to take chances. Because if you don't, then you might as well not be living.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances.
Every day, you'll have opportunities to take chances and to work outside your safety net. Sure, it's lot easier to stay in your comfort zone. in my case, business suits and real estate. but sometimes you have to take risks. When the risks pay off, tha.
The great thing about taking big chance when you're younger is you have less to lose and you don't know as much. So you take big swings.
Take chance as it is once in lifetime opportunity. Have positive mind set and all will go according to plan.
always try to take the chance even though my past wasn't the greatest. take person and accept them for who they are and whatever past, present or future they hold. Even the scariest of chances could be the greatest.
The important thing is not being afraid to take chance. Remember, the greatest failure is to not try. Once you find something you love to do, be the best at doing it.
We all need to decide whether to play it safe in life and worry about the downside, or instead take chance, by being who we really are and living the life our heart desires. Which choice are you making.
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So take every opportunity.
In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took.
Chance favors only those who court her.
wise man turns chance into good fortune.
If you know you can do it if you can already chart every day in your future then why bother Choose to do something you have more trouble imagining. Take chance.
The only safe thing is to take chance.
Everything you want lies on the other side of learning to trust yourself. Take chance. Have faith. You already know who you are, what you want, and where you want to go.
If had not try and taken chances, would have miss many great opportunities in life.
Somebody must take chance. The monkeys who became men, and the monkeys who didn't are still jumping around in trees making faces at the monkeys who did.
Take chance and try my fare It will grow on you, swear Soon it will taste good to you.
In an instant, we can make the choice to let our hearts stay broken or we can take chance in living, and allow this beautiful adventure called life, set our hearts on fire.
You never know what life is going to throw at you so don't be afraid to take chance because it might just be the best thing to happen to you.
Sometimes you just have to have Faith and take Chance. even when your heart is shaking Have Faith in the blessings that God has planned for you.
Don't listen to anybody. Nobody knows the magic bullet. If they did, they'd sell it and make fortune. Follow your gut. Follow your instincts. Every once in while, take chance.
Any time you take chance you better be sure the rewards are worth the risk because they can put you away just as fast for ten dollar heist as they can for million dollar job.
The moon is friend for the lonesome to talk to.
The moon puts on an elegant show, different every time in shape, colour and nuance.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
The moon was ghostly galleon tossed upon cloudy seas.
Ten years ago the Moon was an inspiration to poets and an opportunity for lovers. Ten years from now it will be just another airport.
The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
The moon is silver pin head vast, That holds the heaven's tent hangings fast.
The moon was reigning over their world, glowing its full splendor to all those willing to look up.
The moon rested right above the mountains, place call home.
The full moon the mandala of the sky.
The Moon is opposing Jupiter. Don't get involved, it's their problem.
It is no secret that the moon has no light of her own, but is, as it were, mirror, receiving brightness from the influence of the sun.
The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.
Every one is moon, and has dark side which he never shows to anybody.
The moon, like flower In heaven's high bower, With silent delight Sits and smiles on the night.
The moon can never breathe, but it can take our breath away with the beauty of its cold, arid orb.
The moon is beautiful only when the mind is seeking beauty and the heart is loving.
The wisdom of the Moon is greater than the wisdom of the Earth, because the Moonsees the universe better than the Earth can see it.
There is something haunting in the light of the moon it has all the dispassionateness of disembodied soul, and something of its inconceivable mystery.
The moon looks upon many night flowers the night flowers see but one moon.
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.
And he beholds the moon like rounded fragment of ice filled with motionless light.
If the moon smiled, she would resemble you. You leave the same impression Of something beautiful, but annihilating.
The sky was midnight blue, like warm, deep, blue water, and the moon seemed to lie on it like water lily, floating forward with an invisible current.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit star.
like to think that the moon is there even if am not looking at it.
The Moon is the first milestone on the road to the stars.
The moon is brighter since the barn burned.
The moon is essentially gray, no color. It looks like plaster of Paris, like dirty beach sand with lots of footprints in it.
We'll go back to the moon by not learning anything new.
When the moon is not full, the stars shine more brightly.
There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark.
Moonlight drowns out all but the brightest stars.
swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
THIS MUST BE THURSDAY. NEVER COULD GET THE HANG OF THURSDAYS.
wish you tolerable Thursday. That's all any of us can hope for.
Thursday, forecast as mostly sunny. It's much needed break.
Thursday is perhaps the worst day of the week. It's nothing in itself it just reminds you that the week has been going on too long.
Thursdays are just wannabes. They wannabe Friday but they're not.
Thursday is end day in weekend. Today you are so tired and will think about how was your week and how will go on Thursday. With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself, or treat what has happened as gift. Everythin.
Thursday. The most useless day. it only exists as reminder that it's been really long week. and it's still not over.
If 40 is the new 30 and 50 is the new 40, why can't Thursday be the new Friday.
Nothing screws up your Friday like realizing its Thursday.
Thursday is my favorite day to plan how I'm going to get out of the plans already made for the weekend.
Wednesday is hump day which makes thursday wonder if he'll call day.
People who think Thursday is the new Friday have serious mental problems.
wait until Thursday to ask people about their weekend plans so there's better chance they're already busy.
Happy Thursday You're only one day away from being two days away from doing the same work you're doing right now.
It's Thursday. I'm breathing. I'm Alive. I'm Blessed. God is Good.
And whether it is Thursday, or the day is stormy, With thunder and rain, or the birds attack each other, We have rolled into another dream.
Beter days are just around the corner. They are called Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
All that really belongs to us is time even he who has nothing else has that.
No use thinking of the past for its gone, don't think of the future because it has to come, think of the present because thats where you are.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is gift. That's why it's called the present.
Time is what we want most, but. what we use worst.
Time is cruel thief to rob us of our former selves. We lose as much to life as we do to death.
If time flies when you're having fun, it hits the afterburners when you don't think you're having enough.
If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves.
Time is the most valuable thing man can spend.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Time is created thing. To say don't have time, is like saying, don't want to.
Know the true value of time snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
The timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness. And knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Suspect each moment, for it is thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.
The common man is not concerned about the passage of time, the man of talent is driven by it.
Old Time, that greatest and longest established spinner of all his factory is secret place, his work is noiseless, and his hands are mutes.
Time life therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Don't be fooled by the calendar. There are only as many days in the year as you make use of. One man gets only week's value out of year while another man gets full year's value out of week.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.
Time ripens all things with Time all things are revealed Time is the father of truth.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.
It's strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, it has disobliging habit of speeding up.
Time is like the wind, it lifts the light and leaves the heavy.
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men time.
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing.
man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life.
Time is brisk wind, for each hour it brings something new. but who can understand and measure its sharp breath, its mystery and its design.
When as child laughed and wept, Time crept. When as youth waxed more bold. Time strolled. When became full grown man, Time RAN. When older still daily grew, Time FLEW. Soon shall find, in passing on, Time gone.
The world was made, not in time, but simultaneously with time. There was no time before the world.
Time goes, you say Ah no Alas, time stays, we go.
There is more time than life.
Time can bring you down, time can bend you knees. Times can break your heart, have you begging please Beyond the door, there peace sure. And know there ll be no more tears in heaven.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
If you let slip time, like neglected rose it withers on the stalk with languished head.
The moment hung in time like miner hat on an oaken peg in saloon abandoned ninety years ago.
The passing years are like mist sweeping up from the sea of time so that my memories acquire new aspects.
She was forever saving time, like bits of string.
There is rhythm inside year of time, like great mainspring that keeps it ticking from spring to summer to fall to winter.
Time substance of some sort which existence burned up like fire.
Time fled past us like startled bird.
If time seems to pass so quickly, this is because there are no landmarks. Like the moon when it is at its heights on the horizon.
As the waves make toward the pebbled shore, so do our minutes hasten to their end.
The day runs through me as water through sieve.
We must use time as tool, not as crutch.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
Lost time is never found again.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.
Time is an illusion.
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
Better three hours too soon, than one minute too late.
Time is the wisest counselor of all.
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.
Nothing is waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
The key is in not spending time, but in investing it.
Time brings all things to pass.
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.
Who forces time is pushed back by time who yields to time finds time on his side.
You can't make up for lost time. You can only do better in the future.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.
true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues friend unchangeably.
true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success.
true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
true friend is someone who thinks that you are good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them.
True friends can communicate with their eyes.
True friends walks in when the rest of the world has walked out.
True friends are not mirrors where we can always see ourselves reflected in positive light.
The friend who holds your hand and says the wrong thing is made of dearer stuff than the one who stays away.
You can always tell real friend when you've made fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done permanent job.
Don't walk behind me may not lead. Don't walk in front of me may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Cherish the friend who tells you harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you loving lie.
friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself.
It's the ones you can call up at 00 that really matter.
10. friend shares the good times and helps out by listening during the bad times.
true friend is someone you can disagree with and still remain friends. For if not, they weren't true friends in the first place.
true friend encourages us, comforts us, supports us like big easy chair, offering us safe refuge from the world.
friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails.
Ah, how good it feels The hand of an old friend.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
Our most difficult task as friend is to offer understanding when we don't understand.
Tell me something only you know and make new friend.
What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
When friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
One friend in lifetime is much two are many three are hardly possible.
The essence of true friends is to make allowances for another's little lapses.
We need old friends to help us grow old and new friends to help us stay young.
friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway.
Don't be dismayed at good byes. farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Never shall forget the days spent with you. Continue to be my friend, as you will always find me yours.
cannot even imagine where would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life lot more fun.
If you live to be hundred, want to live to be hundred minus one day so never have to live without you.
Good friends help you to find important things when you have lost them your smile, your hope, and your courage.
Are we not like two volumes of one book.
We have been friends together In sunshine and in shade.
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take little of each other everywhere.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Friends are born, not made.
Man's best friend is one who wishes well to the object of his wish for his sake, even if no one is to know of it.
sure friend is known in unsure circumstances.
Have friends, not for the sake of receiving, but of giving.
Our triumphs seem hollow unless we have friends to share them, and our failures are made bearable by their understanding.
Trust is like vase. once it's broken, though you can fix it, the vase will never be same again.
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth the former course is silly, the latter mark of prudence.
Trust is something that is difficult to establish. It is very fragile that needs to be taken care of. Once trust breaks or shatters into pieces, it is very difficult to rebuild it.
Trust is the easiest thing in the world to loose, and the hardest thing in the world to get back.
In order to establish trust, it is first important that you be trustworthy. This means you should be forthright with all your dealings.
Trust is involved in all the basic elements of healthy relationship namely, love respect and consideration for another person communication, commitment and honesty.
Respect people who trust you. It takes lot for people to trust you, so treat their trust like precious porcelain.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
Trust is like blood pressure. It's silent, vital to good health, and if abused it can be deadly.
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
Trust is only gained when one person risks and doesn't get harmed. It grows as both people increasingly risk and don't get harmed in the process.
Trust is the fruit of relationship in which you know you are loved.
Deciding whether or not to trust person is like deciding whether or not to climb tree, because you might get wonderful view from the highest branch, or you might simply get covered in sap, and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors, where it is harder to get splinter.
We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone but paradoxically, if we cannot trust, neither can we find love or joy.
man who doesn't trust himself can never truly trust anyone else.
Trust is skill learned over time so that, like well trained athlete, one makes the right moves, usually without much reflection.
It is an equal failing to trust everybody, and to trust nobody.
Trust is always earned, never given.
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
He who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Trust is letting go of needing to know all the details before you open your heart.
Trust opens up new and unimagined possibilities.
Trust in God for great things. With your five loaves and two fishes He will show you way to feed thousands.
The best proof of love is trust.
The toughest thing about the power of trust is that it's very difficult to build and very easy to destroy.
Trust yourself, you will start to trust others.
trust everyone. just don't trust the devil inside them.
Building trust means thinking about trust in positive way.
Trust, but verify.
Volleyball Invented by men, perfected by women.
Volleyball It's in your heart or it's in your face.
Volleyball is one of the most interactive games going. It is game of intuition, imagination, improvisation but most of all, of reciprocity of teamwork. There is no way to free lance in volleyball.
Volleyball anchored me at time in my life when needed it. It gave me reason for being this big, big girl.
Volleyball is not just sport, it's way to express your anger without hurting someone.
It takes lot of hard work and dedication just like any pro sport. Especially for beach volleyball you don't have to be tall or as fast as other sports. You just have to have the skills.
Kerri and stay motivated because we hate to lose. What's great about beach volleyball is you can always find something to get better at. don't think about losing. It could happen. just go out there and play. couldn't tell you any numbers or winning streaks. just go out and do it.
love that our sport is sexy. think it is appropriately so.
Breathe, believe, and battle. My former coach, Troy Tanner, told us that before each match. Breathe be in the moment. Believe have faith that you can rise above it. Battle you gotta be prepared to go for as long as it takes.
Don't ever let the ball hit the ground without body hitting the ground with it.
No volleyball play can begin without serve, and the serve is the only technique that is totally under your control. In other endeavors, you cannot succeed without believing in yourself, and that belief is completely under your control.
good team can win volleyball game when they are ahead, but only great team can win when they are behind.
Volleyball is more than sport, it's way of life.
My coach tells me to give about 75 to volleyball. If give 100 my serve will kill someone, and my coach doesn't want to deal with the paperwork.
Be leader. setter should be high energy. It's important that you learn how to give positive, constructive criticism. It's crucial that you make your teammates feel comfortable. You should never be the most silent player in the gym.
There is pressure on every play. You can't make mistake, but that also means your opponent can't make mistake. It makes the matches more exciting to watch.
got the nickname Spitfire for reason. burned inside to play volleyball. loved the competition of it.
Volleyball is the sport through which am able to express my God given talents of being an athlete. It is sport which involves relating, pushing, and encouraging your teammates.
The beach game taught me great lessons about how to elevate the play of my teammate, or teammates, and how to anticipate and expect the ball so much more than the indoor game ever could. It taught me even forced me to be much better all around player.
Anyone serious about playing indoor, you should play outdoor.
It was unbelievable. It was so great to work like that and be able to pull it out at the very end. We played so well together, helping each other out at just the right time. We never gave up and it all worked out better than we could have hoped for against such great opposition. We were in one of the toughest matches I've ever played.
Volleyball is my life, everything else is just details.
Actions speak louder than coaches.
Somewhere behind the athlete you've become, and the hours of practice, and the coaches who have pushed you is little girl who fell in love with the game and never looked back. play for her.
You can't just beat team, you have to leave lasting impression in their minds so they never want to see you again.
true soldier does not admit defeat before the battle.
After the war, aid.
Don't go looking for trouble.
God grant me good sword and no use for it.
Happy nations have no history.
One might as well be hung for sheep as lamb.
The spider and the fly can't make bargain.
United we stand divided we fall.
Violence begets violence.
War ends nothing.
War is sweet to those who haven't experienced it.
You can't have peace any longer than your neighbor pleases.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as your own.
Justice is truth in action.
new broom sweeps clean but an old broom knows the corners.
Give man fish and you feed him for day teach man to fish and he'll eat forever.
He who has why to live can bear almost any how.
Silence is often misinterpreted but never misquoted.
Lost time is never found again.
The wise understand by themselves fools follow the reports of others.
When our imperfect judgments are aggregated in the right way, our collective intelligence is often excellent.
The goal of human nature, of any nature is blessedness. If we do not reach this goal, it is sign that we are headed in the wrong direction.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
One should speak little with others and much with oneself.
When you say one thing, the clever person understands three.
The riches that are in the heart cannot be stolen.
The only thing we can know is that we know nothing and that is the highest flight of human wisdom.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Plan your life like you will live forever, and live your life like you will die the next day.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Desires are brought to live depending on one wisdom. Wisdom gives direction to desires.
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
proverb is one man's wit and all men's wisdom.
blind person who sees is better than seeing person who is blind.
proverb is short sentence based on long experience.
Economy is the wealth of the poor and the wisdom of the rich.
Even fish wouldn't get into trouble if it kept its mouth shut.
He that respects himself is safe from others.
He who flees at the right time can fight again.
crown's no cure for headache.
Life is journey, not destination.
Money buys everything but good sense.
In bad things be slow in good things be fast.
Just because something is common sense doesn't mean it's common practice.
Nothing is impossible to the willing mind.
One head cannot hold all wisdom.
Plan your life at New Year's, your day at dawn.
Proverbs are the daughters of experience.
Wisdom is to live in the present, plan for the future and profit from the past.
The errors of wise man make your rule rather than the perfections of fool.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The truly rich are those who enjoy what they have.
The wise do as much as they should, not as much as they can.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Wisdom is easy to carry but difficult to gather.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom,.
Wisdom has always been the wealth of the common people.
Health is better than wealth.
You can never plan the future by the past.
You can lead horse to water but you can't make him drink.
Live and let live.
You have to take the bitter with the sweet.
Everything in moderation.
Life is what you make it.
All's well that ends well.
Out of sight, out of mind.
You can only die once.
Knowledge comes but wisdom lingers.
